PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

<!--
************ STOP!! ************
If this Pull Request is intended to fix a security vulnerability, DO NOT submit it! Instead, contact
the Apache Traffic Control Security Team at security@trafficcontrol.apache.org and follow the
guidelines at https://apache.org/security regarding vulnerability disclosure.
-->
## What does this PR (Pull Request) do?
- [ ] This PR fixes #REPLACE_ME
<!-- Or you can say
- [x] This PR is not related to any Issue

A description of your PR goes here ↓ -->


## Which Traffic Control components are affected by this PR?
<!-- Please delete all components from this list that are NOT affected by this Pull Request.
Feel free to add the name of a tool or script that is affected but not on the list.
-->
- Documentation <!-- If this Pull Request does NOT affect documentation, please explain why. -->
- Traffic Control Cache Config (T3C)
- Traffic Control Client <!-- Please specify which (Python, Go, or Java) -->
- Traffic Monitor
- Traffic Ops
- Traffic Portal
- Traffic Router
- Traffic Stats
- Grove
- CDN in a Box
- Automation <!-- Please specify which (GitHub Actions, Docker images, Ansible Roles, etc.) -->
- unknown

## What is the best way to verify this PR?
<!-- Please include here ALL the steps necessary to test your Pull Request.
If your PR includes tests (and most should), provide the steps needed to run the tests.
If not, please provide step-by-step instructions to test the PR manually and explain why your PR does not need tests. -->

## If this is a bug fix, what versions of Traffic Control are affected?
<!-- If this PR fixes a bug, please list here all of the affected versions - to
the best of your knowledge. It's also pretty helpful to include a commit hash
of where 'master' is at the time this PR is opened (if it affects master),
because what 'master' means will change over time. For example, if this PR
fixes a bug that's present in master (at commit hash '1df853c8'), in v4.0.0,
and in the current 4.0.1 Release candidate (e.g. RC1), then this list would
look like:

- master (1df853c8)
- 4.0.0
- 4.0.1 (RC1)

If you don't know what other versions might have this bug, AND don't know how
to find the commit hash of 'master', then feel free to leave this section
blank (or, preferably, delete it entirely).
 -->


## The following criteria are ALL met by this PR
<!-- Check the boxes to signify that the associated statement is true. To
"check a box", replace the space inside of the square brackets with an 'x'.
e.g.

- [ x] <- Wrong
- [x ] <- Wrong
- [] <- Wrong
- [*] <- Wrong
- [x] <- Correct!

-->

- [ ] This PR includes tests OR I have explained why tests are unnecessary
- [ ] This PR includes documentation OR I have explained why documentation is unnecessary
- [ ] This PR includes an update to CHANGELOG.md OR such an update is not necessary
- [ ] This PR includes any and all required license headers
- [ ] This PR **DOES NOT FIX A SERIOUS SECURITY VULNERABILITY** (see [the Apache Software Foundation's security guidelines](https://apache.org/security) for details)

<!--
Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
-->

Commit message:

Simplify "What Traffic Control versions are affected?" section

PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

<!--
************ STOP!! ************
If this Pull Request is intended to fix a security vulnerability, DO NOT submit it! Instead, contact
the Apache Traffic Control Security Team at security@trafficcontrol.apache.org and follow the
guidelines at https://apache.org/security regarding vulnerability disclosure.
-->
## What does this PR (Pull Request) do?
- [ ] This PR fixes #REPLACE_ME
<!-- Or you can say
- [x] This PR is not related to any Issue

A description of your PR goes here ↓ -->


## Which Traffic Control components are affected by this PR?
<!-- Please delete all components from this list that are NOT affected by this Pull Request.
Feel free to add the name of a tool or script that is affected but not on the list.
-->
- Documentation <!-- If this Pull Request does NOT affect documentation, please explain why. -->
- Traffic Control Cache Config (T3C)
- Traffic Control Client <!-- Please specify which (Python, Go, or Java) -->
- Traffic Monitor
- Traffic Ops
- Traffic Portal
- Traffic Router
- Traffic Stats
- Grove
- CDN in a Box
- Automation <!-- Please specify which (GitHub Actions, Docker images, Ansible Roles, etc.) -->
- unknown

## What is the best way to verify this PR?
<!-- Please include here ALL the steps necessary to test your Pull Request.
If your PR includes tests (and most should), provide the steps needed to run the tests.
If not, please provide step-by-step instructions to test the PR manually and explain why your PR does not need tests. -->


## If this is a bugfix, which Traffic Control versions contained the bug?
<!-- Delete this section if the PR is not a bugfix, or if the bug is only in the master branch.
Examples:
- 5.1.2
- 5.1.3 (RC1)
 -->


## The following criteria are ALL met by this PR
<!-- Check the boxes to signify that the associated statement is true. To
"check a box", replace the space inside of the square brackets with an 'x'.
e.g.

- [ x] <- Wrong
- [x ] <- Wrong
- [] <- Wrong
- [*] <- Wrong
- [x] <- Correct!

-->

- [ ] This PR includes tests OR I have explained why tests are unnecessary
- [ ] This PR includes documentation OR I have explained why documentation is unnecessary
- [ ] This PR includes an update to CHANGELOG.md OR such an update is not necessary
- [ ] This PR includes any and all required license headers
- [ ] This PR **DOES NOT FIX A SERIOUS SECURITY VULNERABILITY** (see [the Apache Software Foundation's security guidelines](https://apache.org/security) for details)

<!--
Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
-->
