docs/source/api/v3/logs.rst, before:

..
..
.. Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.. you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.. You may obtain a copy of the License at
..
..     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
..
.. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.. distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.. WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.. limitations under the License.
..
.. _to-api-v3-logs:

********
``logs``
********

.. note:: This endpoint's responses will contain a cookie (``last_seen_log``) that is used by :ref:`to-api-v3-logs-newcount` to determine the time of last access. Be sure your client uses cookies properly if you intend to use :ref:`to-api-v3-logs-newcount` in concert with this endpoint!

``GET``
=======
Fetches a list of changes that have been made to the Traffic Control system

:Auth. Required: Yes
:Roles Required: None
:Response Type:  Array

Request Structure
-----------------
.. table:: Request Query Parameters

	+-----------+----------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
	| Name      | Required | Description                                                                                                                         |
	+===========+==========+=====================================================================================================================================+
	| days      | no       | An integer number of days of change logs to return                                                                                  |
	+-----------+----------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
	| limit     | no       | The number of records to which to limit the response                                                                                |
	+-----------+----------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
	| offset    | no       | The number of results to skip before beginning to return results. Must use in conjunction with limit                                |
	+-----------+----------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
	| page      | no       | Return the n\ :sup:`th` page of results, where "n" is the value of this parameter, pages are ``limit`` long and the first page is 1.|
	|           |          | If ``offset`` was defined, this query parameter has no effect. ``limit`` must be defined to make use of ``page``.                   |
	+-----------+----------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
	| username  | no       | A name to which to limit the response too                                                                                           |
	+-----------+----------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. versionadded:: ATCv6
	The ``username``, ``page``, ``offset`` query parameters were added to this in endpoint across across all API versions in :abbr:`ATC (Apache Traffic Control)` version 6.0.0.

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Request Example

	GET /api/3.0/logs?days=1&limit=2&username=admin HTTP/1.1
	Host: trafficops.infra.ciab.test
	User-Agent: curl/7.47.0
	Accept: */*
	Cookie: mojolicious=...

Response Structure
------------------
:id:          Integral, unique identifier for the Log entry
:lastUpdated: Date and time at which the change was made, in :ref:`non-rfc-datetime`
:level:       Log categories for each entry, e.g. 'UICHANGE', 'OPER', 'APICHANGE'
:message:     Log detail about what occurred
:ticketNum:   Optional field to cross reference with any bug tracking systems
:user:        Name of the user who made the change

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Response Example

	HTTP/1.1 200 OK
	Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
	Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Origin, X-Requested-With, Content-Type, Accept
	Access-Control-Allow-Methods: POST,GET,OPTIONS,PUT,DELETE
	Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *
	Cache-Control: no-cache, no-store, max-age=0, must-revalidate
	Content-Type: application/json
	Date: Thu, 15 Nov 2018 15:11:38 GMT
	X-Server-Name: traffic_ops_golang/
	Set-Cookie: last_seen_log="2018-11-15% 15:11:38"; path=/; Max-Age=604800
	Set-Cookie: mojolicious=...; Path=/; Expires=Mon, 18 Nov 2019 17:40:54 GMT; Max-Age=3600; HttpOnly
	Vary: Accept-Encoding
	Whole-Content-Sha512: 40dV+azaZ3b6F30y6YHVbV3H2a3ekZrdoxICupwaxQnj62pwYfb7YCM7Qhe3OAItmB77Tbg9INy27ymaz3hr9A==
	Content-Length: 357

	{ "response": [
		{
			"ticketNum": null,
			"level": "APICHANGE",
			"lastUpdated": "2018-11-14 21:40:06.493975+00",
			"user": "admin",
			"id": 444,
			"message": "User [ test ] unlinked from deliveryservice [ 1 | demo1 ]."
		},
		{
			"ticketNum": null,
			"level": "APICHANGE",
			"lastUpdated": "2018-11-14 21:37:30.707571+00",
			"user": "admin",
			"id": 443,
			"message": "1 delivery services were assigned to test"
		}
		}],
		"summary": {
			"count": 2
		}
	}

Summary Fields
""""""""""""""
The ``summary`` object returned by this method of this endpoint uses only the ``count`` :ref:`standard property <reserved-summary-fields>`.

Commit message:

Removed default limits values in logs API (#6235) (#6241)
* removed limit default values

* print statements added

* removed the default limit values for the log

* updated the docs for logs limit functionality

* removed default values in logs only for V4

* removed default limits if the days query params are passed in V2 and V3

* added the docs for logs - limit query params

* removed write alerts and renamed to Handle err

(cherry picked from commit 2977937ed17a8a208f751ece446b53407820ca04)

Co-authored-by: dmohan001c <devanand_mohan@comcast.com>

docs/source/api/v3/logs.rst, after:

..
..
.. Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.. you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.. You may obtain a copy of the License at
..
..     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
..
.. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.. distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.. WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.. limitations under the License.
..
.. _to-api-v3-logs:

********
``logs``
********

.. note:: This endpoint's responses will contain a cookie (``last_seen_log``) that is used by :ref:`to-api-v3-logs-newcount` to determine the time of last access. Be sure your client uses cookies properly if you intend to use :ref:`to-api-v3-logs-newcount` in concert with this endpoint!

``GET``
=======
Fetches a list of changes that have been made to the Traffic Control system

:Auth. Required: Yes
:Roles Required: None
:Response Type:  Array

Request Structure
-----------------
.. table:: Request Query Parameters

	+-----------+----------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
	| Name      | Required | Description                                                                                                                         |
	+===========+==========+=====================================================================================================================================+
	| days      | no       | An integer number of days of change logs to return, by default there is no limit applied                                            |
	+-----------+----------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
	| limit     | no       | The number of records to which to limit the response, if there is no limit query params, it limits to 1000                          |
	+-----------+----------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
	| offset    | no       | The number of results to skip before beginning to return results. Must use in conjunction with limit                                |
	+-----------+----------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
	| page      | no       | Return the n\ :sup:`th` page of results, where "n" is the value of this parameter, pages are ``limit`` long and the first page is 1.|
	|           |          | If ``offset`` was defined, this query parameter has no effect. ``limit`` must be defined to make use of ``page``.                   |
	+-----------+----------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
	| username  | no       | A name to which to limit the response too                                                                                           |
	+-----------+----------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. versionadded:: ATCv6
	The ``username``, ``page``, ``offset`` query parameters were added to this in endpoint across across all API versions in :abbr:`ATC (Apache Traffic Control)` version 6.0.0.

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Request Example

	GET /api/3.0/logs?days=1&limit=2&username=admin HTTP/1.1
	Host: trafficops.infra.ciab.test
	User-Agent: curl/7.47.0
	Accept: */*
	Cookie: mojolicious=...

Response Structure
------------------
:id:          Integral, unique identifier for the Log entry
:lastUpdated: Date and time at which the change was made, in :ref:`non-rfc-datetime`
:level:       Log categories for each entry, e.g. 'UICHANGE', 'OPER', 'APICHANGE'
:message:     Log detail about what occurred
:ticketNum:   Optional field to cross reference with any bug tracking systems
:user:        Name of the user who made the change

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Response Example

	HTTP/1.1 200 OK
	Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
	Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Origin, X-Requested-With, Content-Type, Accept
	Access-Control-Allow-Methods: POST,GET,OPTIONS,PUT,DELETE
	Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *
	Cache-Control: no-cache, no-store, max-age=0, must-revalidate
	Content-Type: application/json
	Date: Thu, 15 Nov 2018 15:11:38 GMT
	X-Server-Name: traffic_ops_golang/
	Set-Cookie: last_seen_log="2018-11-15% 15:11:38"; path=/; Max-Age=604800
	Set-Cookie: mojolicious=...; Path=/; Expires=Mon, 18 Nov 2019 17:40:54 GMT; Max-Age=3600; HttpOnly
	Vary: Accept-Encoding
	Whole-Content-Sha512: 40dV+azaZ3b6F30y6YHVbV3H2a3ekZrdoxICupwaxQnj62pwYfb7YCM7Qhe3OAItmB77Tbg9INy27ymaz3hr9A==
	Content-Length: 357

	{ "response": [
		{
			"ticketNum": null,
			"level": "APICHANGE",
			"lastUpdated": "2018-11-14 21:40:06.493975+00",
			"user": "admin",
			"id": 444,
			"message": "User [ test ] unlinked from deliveryservice [ 1 | demo1 ]."
		},
		{
			"ticketNum": null,
			"level": "APICHANGE",
			"lastUpdated": "2018-11-14 21:37:30.707571+00",
			"user": "admin",
			"id": 443,
			"message": "1 delivery services were assigned to test"
		}
		}],
		"summary": {
			"count": 2
		}
	}

Summary Fields
""""""""""""""
The ``summary`` object returned by this method of this endpoint uses only the ``count`` :ref:`standard property <reserved-summary-fields>`.
