docs/source/api/v3/snapshot.rst, before:

..
..
.. Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.. you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.. You may obtain a copy of the License at
..
..     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
..
.. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.. distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.. WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.. limitations under the License.
..

.. _to-api-v3-snapshot:

************
``snapshot``
************

``PUT``
=======
Performs a CDN :term:`Snapshot`. Effectively, this propagates the new *configuration* of the CDN to its *operating state*, which replaces the output of the :ref:`to-api-v3-cdns-name-snapshot` endpoint with the output of the :ref:`to-api-v3-cdns-name-snapshot-new` endpoint.
This also changes the output of the :ref:`to-api-v3-cdns-name-configs-monitoring` endpoint since that endpoint returns the latest monitoring information from the *operating state*.

.. Note:: Snapshotting the CDN also deletes all HTTPS certificates for every :term:`Delivery Service` which has been deleted since the last :term:`Snapshot`.

:Auth. Required: Yes
:Roles Required: "admin" or "operations"
:Response Type:  ``undefined``

Request Structure
-----------------
.. table:: Request Query Parameters

	+-------+-----------------------------------------------------------------+
	| Name  | Description                                                     |
	+=======+=================================================================+
	| cdn   | The name of the CDN for which a :term:`Snapshot` shall be taken |
	+-------+-----------------------------------------------------------------+
	| cdnID | The id of the CDN for which a :term:`Snapshot` shall be taken   |
	+-------+-----------------------------------------------------------------+

.. Note:: At least one query parameter must be given.

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Request Example

	PUT /api/3.0/snapshot?cdn=CDN-in-a-Box HTTP/1.1
	Host: trafficops.infra.ciab.test
	User-Agent: curl/7.47.0
	Accept: */*
	Cookie: mojolicious=...

Response Structure
------------------
.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Response Example

	HTTP/1.1 200 OK
	Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
	Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Origin, X-Requested-With, Content-Type, Accept, Set-Cookie, Cookie
	Access-Control-Allow-Methods: POST,GET,OPTIONS,PUT,DELETE
	Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *
	Content-Encoding: gzip
	Content-Type: application/json
	Set-Cookie: mojolicious=...; Path=/; Expires=Mon, 18 Nov 2019 17:40:54 GMT; Max-Age=3600; HttpOnly
	Whole-Content-Sha512: gmaWI0tKgNFPYO0zMrLCGDosBJkPbeIvW4BH9tEh96VjBqyWqzjgPySoMa3ViM1BQXA6VAUOGmc76VyhBsaTzA==
	X-Server-Name: traffic_ops_golang/
	Date: Wed, 18 Mar 2020 15:51:48 GMT
	Content-Length: 47

	{
		"response": "SUCCESS"
	}

Commit message:

Add cdn.conf option to disable automatic cert deletion (#6243)
* Add cdn.conf option to disable automatic cert deletion

Some operators may not want to automatically delete certificates for
delivery services that no longer exist, in case they need to be
resurrected. Additionally, if a Traffic Vault backend is shared between
different environments, you don't want to inadvertently delete
certificates out of other environments.

* Update note in snapshot docs about auto cert deletion

docs/source/api/v3/snapshot.rst, after:

..
..
.. Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.. you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.. You may obtain a copy of the License at
..
..     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
..
.. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.. distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.. WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.. limitations under the License.
..

.. _to-api-v3-snapshot:

************
``snapshot``
************

``PUT``
=======
Performs a CDN :term:`Snapshot`. Effectively, this propagates the new *configuration* of the CDN to its *operating state*, which replaces the output of the :ref:`to-api-v3-cdns-name-snapshot` endpoint with the output of the :ref:`to-api-v3-cdns-name-snapshot-new` endpoint.
This also changes the output of the :ref:`to-api-v3-cdns-name-configs-monitoring` endpoint since that endpoint returns the latest monitoring information from the *operating state*.

.. Note:: By default, snapshotting the CDN also deletes all HTTPS certificates for every :term:`Delivery Service` which has been deleted since the last :term:`Snapshot`. In order to disable this behavior, set ``disable_auto_cert_deletion`` in :ref:`cdn.conf` to ``true``.

:Auth. Required: Yes
:Roles Required: "admin" or "operations"
:Response Type:  ``undefined``

Request Structure
-----------------
.. table:: Request Query Parameters

	+-------+-----------------------------------------------------------------+
	| Name  | Description                                                     |
	+=======+=================================================================+
	| cdn   | The name of the CDN for which a :term:`Snapshot` shall be taken |
	+-------+-----------------------------------------------------------------+
	| cdnID | The id of the CDN for which a :term:`Snapshot` shall be taken   |
	+-------+-----------------------------------------------------------------+

.. Note:: At least one query parameter must be given.

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Request Example

	PUT /api/3.0/snapshot?cdn=CDN-in-a-Box HTTP/1.1
	Host: trafficops.infra.ciab.test
	User-Agent: curl/7.47.0
	Accept: */*
	Cookie: mojolicious=...

Response Structure
------------------
.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Response Example

	HTTP/1.1 200 OK
	Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
	Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Origin, X-Requested-With, Content-Type, Accept, Set-Cookie, Cookie
	Access-Control-Allow-Methods: POST,GET,OPTIONS,PUT,DELETE
	Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *
	Content-Encoding: gzip
	Content-Type: application/json
	Set-Cookie: mojolicious=...; Path=/; Expires=Mon, 18 Nov 2019 17:40:54 GMT; Max-Age=3600; HttpOnly
	Whole-Content-Sha512: gmaWI0tKgNFPYO0zMrLCGDosBJkPbeIvW4BH9tEh96VjBqyWqzjgPySoMa3ViM1BQXA6VAUOGmc76VyhBsaTzA==
	X-Server-Name: traffic_ops_golang/
	Date: Wed, 18 Mar 2020 15:51:48 GMT
	Content-Length: 47

	{
		"response": "SUCCESS"
	}
