docs/source/development/traffic_monitor/traffic_monitor_api.rst, before:

..
..
.. Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.. you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.. You may obtain a copy of the License at
..
..     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
..
.. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.. distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.. WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.. limitations under the License.
..

.. _tm-api:

********************
Traffic Monitor APIs
********************
The Traffic Monitor URLs below allow certain query parameters for use in controlling the data returned.

.. note:: Unlike :ref:`Traffic Ops API endpoints <to-api>`\ , no authentication is required for any of these, and as such there can be no special role requirements for a user.

.. _tm-publish-EventLog:

``/publish/EventLog``
=====================
Gets a log of recent changes in the availability of polled caches.

``GET``
-------
:Response Type: Array (key 'events' contains an array of all data)

Response Structure
""""""""""""""""""
:event: an entry in the top-level ``events`` array

	:description: A string containing short description of the event
	:hostname:    A string containing the server's full hostname
	:index:       A serial integer that is incremented for each sequential  event
	:isAvailable: A boolean value indicating whether the server is available following this event
	:name:        The server's short hostname as a string
	:time:        A UNIX timestamp as an integer
	:type:        The type of the server as a string

.. code-block:: json
	:caption: Example Response

	{ "events": [
		{
			"time": 1538417713,
			"index": 67848,
			"description": "REPORTED - loadavg too high (36.37 \u003e 25.00) (health)",
			"name": "edge",
			"hostname": "edge",
			"type":"EDGE",
			"isAvailable":false
		}
	]}

``/publish/CacheStats``
=======================
Statistics gathered for each cache.

``GET``
-------
:Response Type: Object

Request Structure
"""""""""""""""""
.. table:: Request Query Parameters

	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+
	|  Parameter   | Type    |                  Description                   |
	+==============+=========+================================================+
	| ``hc``       | integer | The history count, number of items to display. |
	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+
	| ``stats``    | string  | A comma separated list of stats to display.    |
	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+
	| ``wildcard`` | boolean | Controls whether specified stats should be     |
	|              |         | treated as partial strings.                    |
	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Example Request

	GET /publish/CacheStats HTTP/1.1
	Accept: */*
	Content-Type: application/json

Response Structure
""""""""""""""""""
:pp: Stores any provided request parameters provided as a string
:date: A ``ctime``-like string representation of the time at which the response was served
:caches: An object with keys that are the names of monitored :term:`cache servers`

	:<server name>: Each server's object is a collection of keys that are the names of statistics

		:<interface name>: The name of the network interface under the same sever

			:<statistic name>: The name of the statistic which this array represents. Each value in the array is one (and usually only one) object with the following structure:

				:value: The statistic's value. This is *always* a string, even if that string only contains a number.
				:time: An integer UNIX timestamp indicating the start time for this value of this statistic
				:span: The span of time - in milliseconds - for which this value is valid. This is determined by the polling interval for the statistic

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Example Response

	HTTP/1.1 200 OK
	Content-Type: application/json
	Date: Thu, 14 May 2020 15:48:55 GMT
	Transfer-Encoding: chunked

	{
		"pp": "",
		"date": "Thu May 14 15:48:55 UTC 2020",
		"caches": {
			"mid": {
				"eth0": {
					"ats.proxy.process.ssl.cipher.user_agent.PSK-AES256-GCM-SHA384": [
						{
							"value": "0",
							"time": 1589471325624,
							"span": 99
						}
					]
				},
				"aggregate": {
					"ats.proxy.process.http.milestone.server_begin_write": [
						{
							"value": "174",
							"time": 1589471325624,
							"span": 1
						}
					]
				},
				"lo": {
					"ats.proxy.node.http.transaction_counts_avg_10s.miss_changed": [
						{
							"value": "0",
							"time": 1589471325624,
							"span": 99
						}
					]
				}
			},
			"edge": {
				"eth0": {
					"ats.proxy.process.ssl.cipher.user_agent.PSK-AES256-GCM-SHA384": [
						{
							"value": "0",
							"time": 1589471325624,
							"span": 99
						}
					]
				},
				"aggregate": {
					"ats.proxy.process.http.milestone.server_begin_write": [
						{
							"value": "174",
							"time": 1589471325624,
							"span": 1
						}
					]
				},
				"lo": {
					"ats.proxy.node.http.transaction_counts_avg_10s.miss_changed": [
						{
							"value": "0",
							"time": 1589471325624,
							"span": 99
						}
					]
				}
			}
		}
	}

``publish/CacheStats/{{cache}}``
================================
Statistics gathered for only a single cache.

``GET``
-------
:Response Type: Object

Request Structure
"""""""""""""""""
.. table:: Request Path Parameters

	+-----------+--------+----------------------------------+
	| Parameter | Type   |           Description            |
	+===========+========+==================================+
	| ``cache`` | string | The name of the cache to inspect |
	+-----------+--------+----------------------------------+

.. table:: Request Query Parameters

	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+
	|  Parameter   | Type    |                  Description                   |
	+==============+=========+================================================+
	| ``hc``       | integer | The history count, number of items to display. |
	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+
	| ``stats``    | string  | A comma separated list of stats to display.    |
	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+
	| ``wildcard`` | boolean | Controls whether specified stats should be     |
	|              |         | treated as partial strings.                    |
	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Example Request

	GET /api/CacheStats/mid HTTP/1.1
	Accept: */*
	Content-Type: application/json

Response Structure
""""""""""""""""""
:pp: Stores any provided request parameters provided as a string
:date: A ``ctime``-like string representation of the time at which the response was served
:caches: An object with keys that are the names of monitored :term:`cache servers` - only the cache named by the ``cache`` request path parameter will be shown

	:<server name>: The requested server's object is a collection of keys that are the names of statistics

		:<interface name>: The name of the network interface under the same sever

			:<statistic name>: The name of the statistic which this array represents. Each value in the array is one (and usually only one) object with the following structure:

				:value: The statistic's value. This is *always* a string, even if that string only contains a number.
				:time: An integer UNIX timestamp indicating the start time for this value of this statistic
				:span: The span of time - in milliseconds - for which this value is valid. This is determined by the polling interval for the statistic

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Example Response

	HTTP/1.1 200 OK
	Content-Type: application/json
	Date: Thu, 14 May 2020 15:54:35 GMT
	Transfer-Encoding: chunked

	{
		"pp": "",
		"date": "Thu May 14 15:48:55 UTC 2020",
		"caches": {
			"mid": {
				"eth0": {
					"ats.proxy.process.ssl.cipher.user_agent.PSK-AES256-GCM-SHA384": [
						{
							"value": "0",
							"time": 1589471325624,
							"span": 99
						}
					]
				},
				"aggregate": {
					"ats.proxy.process.http.milestone.server_begin_write": [
						{
							"value": "174",
							"time": 1589471325624,
							"span": 1
						}
					]
				},
				"lo": {
					"ats.proxy.node.http.transaction_counts_avg_10s.miss_changed": [
						{
							"value": "0",
							"time": 1589471325624,
							"span": 99
						}
					]
				}
			}
		}
	}

``/publish/DsStats``
====================
Statistics gathered for :term:`Delivery Services`

``GET``
-------
:Response Type: Object

Request Structure
"""""""""""""""""
.. table:: Request Query Parameters

	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+
	|  Parameter   | Type    |                  Description                   |
	+==============+=========+================================================+
	| ``hc``       | int     | The history count, number of items to display. |
	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+
	| ``stats``    | string  | A comma separated list of stats to display.    |
	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+
	| ``wildcard`` | boolean | Controls whether specified stats should be     |
	|              |         | treated as partial strings.                    |
	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+

Response Structure
""""""""""""""""""

TODO

``/publish/DsStats/{{deliveryService}}``
========================================
Statistics gathered for this :term:`Delivery Service` only.

``GET``
-------
:Response Type: ?

Request Structure
"""""""""""""""""
.. table:: Request Path Parameters

	+---------------------+--------+-----------------------------------------------------+
	| Parameter           | Type   | Description                                         |
	+=====================+========+=====================================================+
	| ``deliveryService`` | string | The name of the :term:`Delivery Service` to inspect |
	+---------------------+--------+-----------------------------------------------------+


.. table:: Request Query Parameters

	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+
	|  Parameter   | Type    |                  Description                   |
	+==============+=========+================================================+
	| ``hc``       | integer | The history count, number of items to display. |
	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+
	| ``stats``    | string  | A comma separated list of stats to display.    |
	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+
	| ``wildcard`` | boolean | Controls whether specified stats should be     |
	|              |         | treated as partial strings.                    |
	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+

Response Structure
""""""""""""""""""

TODO

``/publish/CrStates``
=====================
The current state of this CDN per the ref:`health-proto`.

``GET``
-------
:Response Type: ?

Response Structure
""""""""""""""""""

TODO


..????
**raw**

The current state of this CDN per this Traffic Monitor only.

``/publish/CrConfig``
=====================
The CDN :term:`Snapshot` (historically named a "CRConfig") served to and consumed by Traffic Router.

``GET``
-------
:Response Type: ?

Response Structure
""""""""""""""""""

TODO

``/publish/PeerStates``
=======================
The health state information from all peer Traffic Monitors.

``GET``
-------
:Response Type: ?

Request Structure
"""""""""""""""""
.. table:: Request Query Parameters

	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+
	|  Parameter   | Type    |                  Description                   |
	+==============+=========+================================================+
	| ``hc``       | integer | The history count, number of items to display. |
	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+
	| ``stats``    | string  | A comma separated list of stats to display.    |
	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+
	| ``wildcard`` | boolean | Controls whether specified stats should be     |
	|              |         | treated as partial strings.                    |
	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+

Response Structure
""""""""""""""""""

TODO


``/publish/Stats``
==================
The general statistics about Traffic Monitor.

``GET``
-------
:Response Type: ?

Response Structure
""""""""""""""""""

TODO

``/publish/StatSummary``
========================
The summary of :term:`cache server` statistics.

``GET``
-------
:Response Type: ?

Request Structure
"""""""""""""""""
.. table:: Request Query Parameters

	+---------------+---------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
	|   Parameter   |   Type  |                        Description                        |
	+===============+=========+===========================================================+
	| ``startTime`` | number  | Window start. The number of milliseconds since the epoch. |
	+---------------+---------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
	| ``endTime``   | number  | Window end. The number of milliseconds since the epoch.   |
	+---------------+---------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
	| ``hc``        | integer | The history count, number of items to display.            |
	+---------------+---------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
	| ``stats``     | string  | A comma separated list of stats to display.               |
	+---------------+---------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
	| ``wildcard``  | boolean | Controls whether specified stats should be                |
	|               |         | treated as partial strings.                               |
	+---------------+---------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
	| ``cache``     | string  | Summary statistics for just this cache.                   |
	+---------------+---------+-----------------------------------------------------------+

Response Structure
""""""""""""""""""

TODO

``/publish/ConfigDoc``
======================
The overview of configuration options.

``GET``
-------
:Response Type: ?

Response Structure
""""""""""""""""""

TODO

Commit message:

Traffic Monitor Distributed Polling (#6527)
* Traffic Monitor Distributed Polling

Rather than having a single TM poll an entire CDN, the new
`distributed_polling` config option allows a TM to poll a subset of the
CDN and share its data to other TMs outside of its TM group
(cachegroup). This separates TM peers into two different categories:

- local peers
- distributed peers

A CDN is divided into N subsets, where N is the number of TM groups
(cachegroups). Each TM in a TM group polls their assigned cachegroups,
combining state with the other TMs in its group (its local peers), and
polls TMs from every other TM group (its distributed peers) in order to
get health availability for the entire CDN. Therefore, each TM is only
responsible for polling a subset of the CDN yet still has a full view of
the CDN's health. This means TR and the tc-health-client can still poll
TM's /publish/CrStates endpoint to get availability for the entire CDN.

* Add default stat_polling and distributed_polling to default config file

* Add defaults to TM integration tests action

* Revert "Add defaults to TM integration tests action"

This reverts commit 7644a8a38b710772ae93655ef0562f1cd1a97ff4.

* Change TM wait for /api/version?raw

* Revert "Change TM wait for /api/version?raw"

This reverts commit 5c3a4cc15274f9e89956665afcf665b1a259c24b.

* Increase retries

* Fix TM cachegroup in monitoring snapshot for integration test

* Revert "Increase retries"

This reverts commit dfe6114ae0c16b5ef21ee027a2c104011b2dbaf9.

* Assign TM groups to closest cachegroups

* Use math.Pow to square instead of multiplication

* Add unit tests for getCacheGroupsToPoll()

* Replace magic numbers with a constant

docs/source/development/traffic_monitor/traffic_monitor_api.rst, after:

..
..
.. Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.. you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.. You may obtain a copy of the License at
..
..     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
..
.. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.. distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.. WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.. limitations under the License.
..

.. _tm-api:

********************
Traffic Monitor APIs
********************
The Traffic Monitor URLs below allow certain query parameters for use in controlling the data returned.

.. note:: Unlike :ref:`Traffic Ops API endpoints <to-api>`\ , no authentication is required for any of these, and as such there can be no special role requirements for a user.

.. _tm-publish-EventLog:

``/publish/EventLog``
=====================
Gets a log of recent changes in the availability of polled caches.

``GET``
-------
:Response Type: Array (key 'events' contains an array of all data)

Response Structure
""""""""""""""""""
:event: an entry in the top-level ``events`` array

	:description: A string containing short description of the event
	:hostname:    A string containing the server's full hostname
	:index:       A serial integer that is incremented for each sequential  event
	:isAvailable: A boolean value indicating whether the server is available following this event
	:name:        The server's short hostname as a string
	:time:        A UNIX timestamp as an integer
	:type:        The type of the server as a string

.. code-block:: json
	:caption: Example Response

	{ "events": [
		{
			"time": 1538417713,
			"index": 67848,
			"description": "REPORTED - loadavg too high (36.37 \u003e 25.00) (health)",
			"name": "edge",
			"hostname": "edge",
			"type":"EDGE",
			"isAvailable":false
		}
	]}

``/publish/CacheStats``
=======================
Statistics gathered for each cache.

``GET``
-------
:Response Type: Object

Request Structure
"""""""""""""""""
.. table:: Request Query Parameters

	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+
	|  Parameter   | Type    |                  Description                   |
	+==============+=========+================================================+
	| ``hc``       | integer | The history count, number of items to display. |
	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+
	| ``stats``    | string  | A comma separated list of stats to display.    |
	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+
	| ``wildcard`` | boolean | Controls whether specified stats should be     |
	|              |         | treated as partial strings.                    |
	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Example Request

	GET /publish/CacheStats HTTP/1.1
	Accept: */*
	Content-Type: application/json

Response Structure
""""""""""""""""""
:pp: Stores any provided request parameters provided as a string
:date: A ``ctime``-like string representation of the time at which the response was served
:caches: An object with keys that are the names of monitored :term:`cache servers`

	:<server name>: Each server's object is a collection of keys that are the names of statistics

		:<interface name>: The name of the network interface under the same sever

			:<statistic name>: The name of the statistic which this array represents. Each value in the array is one (and usually only one) object with the following structure:

				:value: The statistic's value. This is *always* a string, even if that string only contains a number.
				:time: An integer UNIX timestamp indicating the start time for this value of this statistic
				:span: The span of time - in milliseconds - for which this value is valid. This is determined by the polling interval for the statistic

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Example Response

	HTTP/1.1 200 OK
	Content-Type: application/json
	Date: Thu, 14 May 2020 15:48:55 GMT
	Transfer-Encoding: chunked

	{
		"pp": "",
		"date": "Thu May 14 15:48:55 UTC 2020",
		"caches": {
			"mid": {
				"eth0": {
					"ats.proxy.process.ssl.cipher.user_agent.PSK-AES256-GCM-SHA384": [
						{
							"value": "0",
							"time": 1589471325624,
							"span": 99
						}
					]
				},
				"aggregate": {
					"ats.proxy.process.http.milestone.server_begin_write": [
						{
							"value": "174",
							"time": 1589471325624,
							"span": 1
						}
					]
				},
				"lo": {
					"ats.proxy.node.http.transaction_counts_avg_10s.miss_changed": [
						{
							"value": "0",
							"time": 1589471325624,
							"span": 99
						}
					]
				}
			},
			"edge": {
				"eth0": {
					"ats.proxy.process.ssl.cipher.user_agent.PSK-AES256-GCM-SHA384": [
						{
							"value": "0",
							"time": 1589471325624,
							"span": 99
						}
					]
				},
				"aggregate": {
					"ats.proxy.process.http.milestone.server_begin_write": [
						{
							"value": "174",
							"time": 1589471325624,
							"span": 1
						}
					]
				},
				"lo": {
					"ats.proxy.node.http.transaction_counts_avg_10s.miss_changed": [
						{
							"value": "0",
							"time": 1589471325624,
							"span": 99
						}
					]
				}
			}
		}
	}

``publish/CacheStats/{{cache}}``
================================
Statistics gathered for only a single cache.

``GET``
-------
:Response Type: Object

Request Structure
"""""""""""""""""
.. table:: Request Path Parameters

	+-----------+--------+----------------------------------+
	| Parameter | Type   |           Description            |
	+===========+========+==================================+
	| ``cache`` | string | The name of the cache to inspect |
	+-----------+--------+----------------------------------+

.. table:: Request Query Parameters

	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+
	|  Parameter   | Type    |                  Description                   |
	+==============+=========+================================================+
	| ``hc``       | integer | The history count, number of items to display. |
	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+
	| ``stats``    | string  | A comma separated list of stats to display.    |
	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+
	| ``wildcard`` | boolean | Controls whether specified stats should be     |
	|              |         | treated as partial strings.                    |
	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Example Request

	GET /api/CacheStats/mid HTTP/1.1
	Accept: */*
	Content-Type: application/json

Response Structure
""""""""""""""""""
:pp: Stores any provided request parameters provided as a string
:date: A ``ctime``-like string representation of the time at which the response was served
:caches: An object with keys that are the names of monitored :term:`cache servers` - only the cache named by the ``cache`` request path parameter will be shown

	:<server name>: The requested server's object is a collection of keys that are the names of statistics

		:<interface name>: The name of the network interface under the same sever

			:<statistic name>: The name of the statistic which this array represents. Each value in the array is one (and usually only one) object with the following structure:

				:value: The statistic's value. This is *always* a string, even if that string only contains a number.
				:time: An integer UNIX timestamp indicating the start time for this value of this statistic
				:span: The span of time - in milliseconds - for which this value is valid. This is determined by the polling interval for the statistic

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Example Response

	HTTP/1.1 200 OK
	Content-Type: application/json
	Date: Thu, 14 May 2020 15:54:35 GMT
	Transfer-Encoding: chunked

	{
		"pp": "",
		"date": "Thu May 14 15:48:55 UTC 2020",
		"caches": {
			"mid": {
				"eth0": {
					"ats.proxy.process.ssl.cipher.user_agent.PSK-AES256-GCM-SHA384": [
						{
							"value": "0",
							"time": 1589471325624,
							"span": 99
						}
					]
				},
				"aggregate": {
					"ats.proxy.process.http.milestone.server_begin_write": [
						{
							"value": "174",
							"time": 1589471325624,
							"span": 1
						}
					]
				},
				"lo": {
					"ats.proxy.node.http.transaction_counts_avg_10s.miss_changed": [
						{
							"value": "0",
							"time": 1589471325624,
							"span": 99
						}
					]
				}
			}
		}
	}

``/publish/DsStats``
====================
Statistics gathered for :term:`Delivery Services`

``GET``
-------
:Response Type: Object

Request Structure
"""""""""""""""""
.. table:: Request Query Parameters

	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+
	|  Parameter   | Type    |                  Description                   |
	+==============+=========+================================================+
	| ``hc``       | int     | The history count, number of items to display. |
	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+
	| ``stats``    | string  | A comma separated list of stats to display.    |
	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+
	| ``wildcard`` | boolean | Controls whether specified stats should be     |
	|              |         | treated as partial strings.                    |
	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+

Response Structure
""""""""""""""""""

TODO

``/publish/DsStats/{{deliveryService}}``
========================================
Statistics gathered for this :term:`Delivery Service` only.

``GET``
-------
:Response Type: ?

Request Structure
"""""""""""""""""
.. table:: Request Path Parameters

	+---------------------+--------+-----------------------------------------------------+
	| Parameter           | Type   | Description                                         |
	+=====================+========+=====================================================+
	| ``deliveryService`` | string | The name of the :term:`Delivery Service` to inspect |
	+---------------------+--------+-----------------------------------------------------+


.. table:: Request Query Parameters

	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+
	|  Parameter   | Type    |                  Description                   |
	+==============+=========+================================================+
	| ``hc``       | integer | The history count, number of items to display. |
	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+
	| ``stats``    | string  | A comma separated list of stats to display.    |
	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+
	| ``wildcard`` | boolean | Controls whether specified stats should be     |
	|              |         | treated as partial strings.                    |
	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+

Response Structure
""""""""""""""""""

TODO

``/publish/CrStates``
=====================
The current state of this CDN per the ref:`health-proto`.

``GET``
-------
:Response Type: ?

Response Structure
""""""""""""""""""

TODO


..????
**raw**

The current state of this CDN per this Traffic Monitor only.

``/publish/CrConfig``
=====================
The CDN :term:`Snapshot` (historically named a "CRConfig") served to and consumed by Traffic Router.

``GET``
-------
:Response Type: ?

Response Structure
""""""""""""""""""

TODO

``/publish/PeerStates``
=======================
The health state information from all peer Traffic Monitors.

``GET``
-------
:Response Type: ?

Request Structure
"""""""""""""""""
.. table:: Request Query Parameters

	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+
	|  Parameter   | Type    |                  Description                   |
	+==============+=========+================================================+
	| ``hc``       | integer | The history count, number of items to display. |
	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+
	| ``stats``    | string  | A comma separated list of stats to display.    |
	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+
	| ``wildcard`` | boolean | Controls whether specified stats should be     |
	|              |         | treated as partial strings.                    |
	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+

Response Structure
""""""""""""""""""

TODO


``/publish/DistributedPeerStates``
==================================
The health state information from all distributed peer Traffic Monitors.

``GET``
-------
:Response Type: ?

Request Structure
"""""""""""""""""
.. table:: Request Query Parameters

	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+
	|  Parameter   | Type    |                  Description                   |
	+==============+=========+================================================+
	| ``hc``       | integer | The history count, number of items to display. |
	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+
	| ``stats``    | string  | A comma separated list of stats to display.    |
	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+
	| ``wildcard`` | boolean | Controls whether specified stats should be     |
	|              |         | treated as partial strings.                    |
	+--------------+---------+------------------------------------------------+

Response Structure
""""""""""""""""""

TODO


``/publish/Stats``
==================
The general statistics about Traffic Monitor.

``GET``
-------
:Response Type: ?

Response Structure
""""""""""""""""""

TODO

``/publish/StatSummary``
========================
The summary of :term:`cache server` statistics.

``GET``
-------
:Response Type: ?

Request Structure
"""""""""""""""""
.. table:: Request Query Parameters

	+---------------+---------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
	|   Parameter   |   Type  |                        Description                        |
	+===============+=========+===========================================================+
	| ``startTime`` | number  | Window start. The number of milliseconds since the epoch. |
	+---------------+---------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
	| ``endTime``   | number  | Window end. The number of milliseconds since the epoch.   |
	+---------------+---------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
	| ``hc``        | integer | The history count, number of items to display.            |
	+---------------+---------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
	| ``stats``     | string  | A comma separated list of stats to display.               |
	+---------------+---------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
	| ``wildcard``  | boolean | Controls whether specified stats should be                |
	|               |         | treated as partial strings.                               |
	+---------------+---------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
	| ``cache``     | string  | Summary statistics for just this cache.                   |
	+---------------+---------+-----------------------------------------------------------+

Response Structure
""""""""""""""""""

TODO

``/publish/ConfigDoc``
======================
The overview of configuration options.

``GET``
-------
:Response Type: ?

Response Structure
""""""""""""""""""

TODO
