.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/1-bug-report.md, before:

---
name: Bug report

about: Report an issue with the current behavior of Traffic Control

labels: bug

---

<!--
************ STOP!! ************
If this issue identifies a security vulnerability, DO NOT submit it! Instead, contact
the Apache Traffic Control Security Team at security@trafficcontrol.apache.org and follow the
guidelines at https://apache.org/security regarding vulnerability disclosure.

- For *SUPPORT QUESTIONS*, use the #traffic-control channel on the ASF slack (https://s.apache.org/slack-invite)
or Traffic Control mailing lists (https://trafficcontrol.apache.org/mailing_lists).
- Before submitting, please **SEARCH GITHUB** for a similar issue or PR.
-->

## I'm submitting a ...
<!-- delete all those that don't apply -->
<!--- security vulnerability (STOP!! - see above)-->
-  bug report
-  other <!--(Please do not submit support requests here - see above)-->

## Traffic Control components affected ...
<!-- delete all those that don't apply -->
-  CDN in a Box
-  Documentation
-  Grove
-  Traffic Control Client
-  Traffic Monitor
-  Traffic Ops
-  Traffic Ops ORT
-  Traffic Portal
-  Traffic Router
-  Traffic Stats
-  Traffic Vault
-  CI tests
-  unknown

## Current behavior:
<!-- Describe how the bug manifests -->

## Expected behavior:
<!-- Describe what the behavior would be without the bug -->

## Minimal reproduction of the problem with instructions:
<!--
If the current behavior is a bug, please provide the *STEPS TO REPRODUCE* and
include the applicable TC version.
-->

<!--
Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    https://apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
-->

Commit message:

Do not copy Apache license into templated issues

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/1-bug-report.md, after:

---
# Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
# or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
# distributed with this work for additional information
# regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
# to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
# "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
# with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
#
#   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
#
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
# software distributed under the License is distributed on an
# "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
# KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
# specific language governing permissions and limitations
# under the License.
#
name: Bug report
about: Report an issue with the current behavior of Traffic Control
labels: bug
---
<!--
************ STOP!! ************
If this issue identifies a security vulnerability, DO NOT submit it! Instead, contact
the Apache Traffic Control Security Team at security@trafficcontrol.apache.org and follow the
guidelines at https://apache.org/security regarding vulnerability disclosure.

- For *SUPPORT QUESTIONS*, use the #traffic-control channel on the ASF slack (https://s.apache.org/slack-invite)
or Traffic Control mailing lists (https://trafficcontrol.apache.org/mailing_lists).
- Before submitting, please **SEARCH GITHUB** for a similar issue or PR.
-->

## I'm submitting a ...
<!-- delete all those that don't apply -->
<!--- security vulnerability (STOP!! - see above)-->
-  bug report
-  other <!--(Please do not submit support requests here - see above)-->

## Traffic Control components affected ...
<!-- delete all those that don't apply -->
-  CDN in a Box
-  Documentation
-  Grove
-  Traffic Control Client
-  Traffic Monitor
-  Traffic Ops
-  Traffic Ops ORT
-  Traffic Portal
-  Traffic Router
-  Traffic Stats
-  Traffic Vault
-  CI tests
-  unknown

## Current behavior:
<!-- Describe how the bug manifests -->

## Expected behavior:
<!-- Describe what the behavior would be without the bug -->

## Minimal reproduction of the problem with instructions:
<!--
If the current behavior is a bug, please provide the *STEPS TO REPRODUCE* and
include the applicable TC version.
-->
