docs/source/api/v4/cdn_locks.rst, before:

..
..
.. Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.. you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.. You may obtain a copy of the License at
..
..     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
..
.. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.. distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.. WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.. limitations under the License.
..

.. _to-api-cdn-locks:

*****************
``cdn_locks``
*****************

.. versionadded:: 4.0

``GET``
=======
Gets information for all CDN locks.

:Auth. Required: Yes
:Roles Required: None
:Response Type:  Array

Request Structure
-----------------
.. table:: Request Query Parameters

	+---------------+----------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
	| Parameter     | Required | Description                                                                       |
	+===============+==========+===================================================================================+
	| username      | no       | Return only the CDN lock that the user with ``username`` possesses                |
	+---------------+----------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
	| cdn           | no       | Return only the CDN lock for the CDN that has the name ``cdn``                    |
	+---------------+----------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Response Structure
------------------
:userName:       The username for which the lock exists.
:cdn:            The name of the CDN for which the lock exists.
:message:        The message or reason that the user specified while acquiring the lock.
:soft:           Whether or not this is a soft(shared) lock.
:lastUpdated:    Time that this lock was last updated(created).

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Response Example

	HTTP/2 200
	Content-Type: application/json

	{ "response": [
		{
			"userName": "foo",
			"cdn": "bar",
			"message": "acquiring lock to snap CDN",
			"soft": true,
			"lastUpdated": "2021-05-26T09:31:57-06"
		}
	]}

``POST``
========
Allows user to acquire a lock on a CDN.

:Auth. Required: Yes
:Roles Required: "admin" or "operations"
:Response Type:  Object

Request Structure
-----------------
The request body must be a single ``CDN Lock`` object with the following keys:
:cdn:            The name of the CDN for which the user wants to acquire a lock.
:message:        The message or reason for the user to acquire the lock. This is an optional field.
:soft:           Whether or not this is a soft(shared) lock. This is an optional field; ``soft`` will be set to ``true`` by default.

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Request Example

	POST /api/4.0/cdn_locks HTTP/2
	Host: localhost:8443
	User-Agent: curl/7.64.2
	Accept: */*
	Cookie: mojolicious=...
	Content-Type: application/json
	Content-Length: 81

	{
		"cdn": "bar",
		"message": "acquiring lock to snap CDN",
		"soft": true
	}

Response Structure
------------------
:userName:       The username for which the lock was created.
:cdn:            The name of the CDN for which the lock was created.
:message:        The message or reason that the user specified while acquiring the lock.
:soft:           Whether or not this is a soft(shared) lock.
:lastUpdated:    Time that this lock was last updated(created).

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Response Example

	HTTP/2 201
	Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
	Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Origin, X-Requested-With, Content-Type, Accept, Set-Cookie, Cookie
	Access-Control-Allow-Methods: POST,GET,OPTIONS,PUT,DELETE
	Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *
	Content-Type: application/json
	Set-Cookie: mojolicious=...; Path=/; Expires=Wed, 26 May 2021 17:59:10 GMT; Max-Age=3600; HttpOnly
	Whole-Content-Sha512: IWjt4zhg4OlPDTfOebjMTS1uHsZ8LycEaHgSS3KHnmc6Vvmw5/S6q70CCnbAePV2x1bxKkVEifTIxfft8vq3sg==
	X-Server-Name: traffic_ops_golang/
	Date: Wed, 26 May 2021 16:59:10 GMT
	Content-Length: 204

	{ "alerts": [
		{
			"text": "soft CDN lock acquired!",
			"level":"success"
		}
	],
	"response": {
		"userName": "foo",
		"cdn": "bar",
		"message": "acquiring lock to snap CDN",
		"soft": true,
		"lastUpdated": "2021-05-26T10:59:10-06"
	}}

``DELETE``
----------
Deletes an existing ``CDN Lock``.

:Auth. Required: Yes
:Roles Required: "admin" or "operations"
:Response Type: Object

Request Structure
-----------------
.. table:: Request Query Parameters

	+---------------+----------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
	| Parameter     | Required | Description                                                                       |
	+===============+==========+===================================================================================+
	| cdn           | yes      | Delete the CDN lock for the CDN that has the name ``cdn``                         |
	+---------------+----------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Request Example

	DELETE /api/4.0/cdn_locks?cdn=bar HTTP/2
	Host: localhost:8443
	User-Agent: curl/7.64.1
	Accept: */*
	Connection: keep-alive
	Cookie: mojolicious=...
	Content-Length: 0
	Content-Type: application/json

Response Structure
------------------

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Response Example

	HTTP/2 200
	Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
	Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Origin, X-Requested-With, Content-Type, Accept, Set-Cookie, Cookie
	Access-Control-Allow-Methods: POST,GET,OPTIONS,PUT,DELETE
	Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *
	Content-Type: application/json
	Set-Cookie: mojolicious=...; Path=/; Expires=Wed, 26 May 2021 22:20:10 GMT; Max-Age=3600; HttpOnly
	Whole-Content-Sha512: p/M2OEmhaws6QLhzzoSBvpC5UnIM+/84RI1wO42PYXiyUKWnxoQQEtm4lkN+K5NOKIH+OkyUlI2ovQZP6lGOcg==
	X-Server-Name: traffic_ops_golang/
	Date: Wed, 26 May 2021 21:20:10 GMT
	Content-Length: 202

	{ "alerts": [
		{
			"text": "cdn lock deleted",
			"level":"success"
		}
	],
	"response": {
		"userName": "foo",
		"cdn": "bar",
		"message": "acquiring lock to snap CDN",
		"soft": true,
		"lastUpdated": "2021-05-26T10:59:10-06"
	}}

Commit message:

Update documentation for /cdn_locks route

docs/source/api/v4/cdn_locks.rst, after:

..
..
.. Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.. you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.. You may obtain a copy of the License at
..
..     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
..
.. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.. distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.. WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.. limitations under the License.
..

.. _to-api-cdn-locks:

*****************
``cdn_locks``
*****************

.. versionadded:: 4.0

``GET``
=======
Gets information for all CDN locks.

:Auth. Required: Yes
:Roles Required: None
:Response Type:  Array

Request Structure
-----------------
.. table:: Request Query Parameters

	+-----------+----------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
	| Parameter | Required | Description                                                                                            |
	+===========+==========+========================================================================================================+
	| username  | no       | Return only the CDN lock that the user with ``username`` possesses                                     |
	+-----------+----------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
	| cdn       | no       | Return only the CDN lock for the CDN that has the name ``cdn``                                         |
	+-----------+----------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
	| newerThan | no       | Return only CDN locks that were most recently updated no earlier than this date/time, which may be     |
	|           |          | given as an :rfc:`3339`-formatted string or as number of nanoseconds since the Unix Epoch (midnight    |
	|           |          | on January 1\ :sup:`st` 1970 UTC).                                                                     |
	+-----------+----------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
	| olderThan | no       | Return only CDN locks that were most recently updated no later than this date/time, which may be       |
	|           |          | given as an :rfc:`3339`-formatted string or as number of nanoseconds since the Unix Epoch (midnight    |
	|           |          | on January 1\ :sup:`st` 1970 UTC).                                                                     |
	+-----------+----------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. versionadded:: ATCv6
	The ``newerThan`` and ``olderThan`` query string parameters were added to all API versions as of :abbr:`ATC (Apache Traffic Control)` version 6.0.


Response Structure
------------------
:userName:       The username for which the lock exists.
:cdn:            The name of the CDN for which the lock exists.
:message:        The message or reason that the user specified while acquiring the lock.
:soft:           Whether or not this is a soft(shared) lock.
:lastUpdated:    Time that this lock was last updated(created).

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Response Example

	HTTP/2 200
	Content-Type: application/json

	{ "response": [
		{
			"userName": "foo",
			"cdn": "bar",
			"message": "acquiring lock to snap CDN",
			"soft": true,
			"lastUpdated": "2021-05-26T09:31:57-06"
		}
	]}

``POST``
========
Allows user to acquire a lock on a CDN.

:Auth. Required: Yes
:Roles Required: "admin" or "operations"
:Response Type:  Object

Request Structure
-----------------
The request body must be a single ``CDN Lock`` object with the following keys:
:cdn:            The name of the CDN for which the user wants to acquire a lock.
:message:        The message or reason for the user to acquire the lock. This is an optional field.
:soft:           Whether or not this is a soft(shared) lock. This is an optional field; ``soft`` will be set to ``true`` by default.

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Request Example

	POST /api/4.0/cdn_locks HTTP/2
	Host: localhost:8443
	User-Agent: curl/7.64.2
	Accept: */*
	Cookie: mojolicious=...
	Content-Type: application/json
	Content-Length: 81

	{
		"cdn": "bar",
		"message": "acquiring lock to snap CDN",
		"soft": true
	}

Response Structure
------------------
:userName:       The username for which the lock was created.
:cdn:            The name of the CDN for which the lock was created.
:message:        The message or reason that the user specified while acquiring the lock.
:soft:           Whether or not this is a soft(shared) lock.
:lastUpdated:    Time that this lock was last updated(created).

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Response Example

	HTTP/2 201
	Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
	Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Origin, X-Requested-With, Content-Type, Accept, Set-Cookie, Cookie
	Access-Control-Allow-Methods: POST,GET,OPTIONS,PUT,DELETE
	Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *
	Content-Type: application/json
	Set-Cookie: mojolicious=...; Path=/; Expires=Wed, 26 May 2021 17:59:10 GMT; Max-Age=3600; HttpOnly
	Whole-Content-Sha512: IWjt4zhg4OlPDTfOebjMTS1uHsZ8LycEaHgSS3KHnmc6Vvmw5/S6q70CCnbAePV2x1bxKkVEifTIxfft8vq3sg==
	X-Server-Name: traffic_ops_golang/
	Date: Wed, 26 May 2021 16:59:10 GMT
	Content-Length: 204

	{ "alerts": [
		{
			"text": "soft CDN lock acquired!",
			"level":"success"
		}
	],
	"response": {
		"userName": "foo",
		"cdn": "bar",
		"message": "acquiring lock to snap CDN",
		"soft": true,
		"lastUpdated": "2021-05-26T10:59:10-06"
	}}

``DELETE``
----------
Deletes an existing ``CDN Lock``.

:Auth. Required: Yes
:Roles Required: "admin" or "operations"
:Response Type: Object

Request Structure
-----------------
.. table:: Request Query Parameters

	+---------------+----------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
	| Parameter     | Required | Description                                                                       |
	+===============+==========+===================================================================================+
	| cdn           | yes      | Delete the CDN lock for the CDN that has the name ``cdn``                         |
	+---------------+----------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Request Example

	DELETE /api/4.0/cdn_locks?cdn=bar HTTP/2
	Host: localhost:8443
	User-Agent: curl/7.64.1
	Accept: */*
	Connection: keep-alive
	Cookie: mojolicious=...
	Content-Length: 0
	Content-Type: application/json

Response Structure
------------------

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Response Example

	HTTP/2 200
	Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
	Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Origin, X-Requested-With, Content-Type, Accept, Set-Cookie, Cookie
	Access-Control-Allow-Methods: POST,GET,OPTIONS,PUT,DELETE
	Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *
	Content-Type: application/json
	Set-Cookie: mojolicious=...; Path=/; Expires=Wed, 26 May 2021 22:20:10 GMT; Max-Age=3600; HttpOnly
	Whole-Content-Sha512: p/M2OEmhaws6QLhzzoSBvpC5UnIM+/84RI1wO42PYXiyUKWnxoQQEtm4lkN+K5NOKIH+OkyUlI2ovQZP6lGOcg==
	X-Server-Name: traffic_ops_golang/
	Date: Wed, 26 May 2021 21:20:10 GMT
	Content-Length: 202

	{ "alerts": [
		{
			"text": "cdn lock deleted",
			"level":"success"
		}
	],
	"response": {
		"userName": "foo",
		"cdn": "bar",
		"message": "acquiring lock to snap CDN",
		"soft": true,
		"lastUpdated": "2021-05-26T10:59:10-06"
	}}
