docs/source/api/v4/cdns_id.rst, before:

..
..
.. Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.. you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.. You may obtain a copy of the License at
..
..     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
..
.. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.. distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.. WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.. limitations under the License.
..

.. _to-api-v4-cdns-id:

***************
``cdns/{{ID}}``
***************

``PUT``
=======
Allows a user to edit a specific CDN

:Auth. Required: Yes
:Roles Required: "admin" or "operations"
:Permissions Required: CDN:UPDATE, CDN:READ
:Response Type:  Object

Request Structure
-----------------
.. table:: Request Path Parameters

	+------+---------------------------------------------------+
	| Name |                Description                        |
	+======+===================================================+
	|  ID  | Integral, unique identifier for the CDN to update |
	+------+---------------------------------------------------+

:dnssecEnabled: If ``true``, this CDN will use DNSSEC, if ``false`` it will not
:domainName:    The top-level domain (TLD) belonging to the CDN
:name:          Name of the new CDN
:ttlOverride:	Optional an nullable. A :abbr:`TTL (Time To Live)` value, in seconds, that, if set, overrides all set TTL values on :term:`Delivery Services` in this :abbr:`CDN (Content Delivery Network)`

	.. versionadded:: 4.1

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Request Example

	PUT /api/4.0/cdns/3 HTTP/1.1
	Host: trafficops.infra.ciab.test
	User-Agent: curl/7.47.0
	Accept: */*
	Cookie: mojolicious=...
	Content-Length: 63
	Content-Type: application/json

	{"name": "quest", "domainName": "test", "dnssecEnabled": false, "ttlOverride": 60}

Response Structure
------------------
:dnssecEnabled: ``true`` if the CDN uses DNSSEC, ``false`` otherwise
:domainName:    The top-level domain (TLD) assigned to the newly created CDN
:id:            An integral, unique identifier for the newly created CDN
:name:          The newly created CDN's name
:ttlOverride:	A :abbr:`TTL (Time To Live)` value, in seconds, that, if set, overrides all set TTL values on :term:`Delivery Services` in this :abbr:`CDN (Content Delivery Network)`

	.. versionadded:: 4.1


.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Response Example

	HTTP/1.1 200 OK
	Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
	Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Origin, X-Requested-With, Content-Type, Accept, Set-Cookie, Cookie
	Access-Control-Allow-Methods: POST,GET,OPTIONS,PUT,DELETE
	Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *
	Content-Type: application/json
	Set-Cookie: mojolicious=...; Path=/; Expires=Mon, 18 Nov 2019 17:40:54 GMT; Max-Age=3600; HttpOnly
	Whole-Content-Sha512: sI1hzBwG+/VAzoFY20kqGFA2RgrUOThtMeeJqk0ZxH3TRxTWuA8BetACct/XICC3n7hPDLlRVpwckEyBdyJkXg==
	X-Server-Name: traffic_ops_golang/
	Date: Wed, 14 Nov 2018 20:54:33 GMT
	Content-Length: 174

	{ "alerts": [
		{
			"text": "cdn was updated.",
			"level": "success"
		}
	],
	"response": {
		"dnssecEnabled": false,
		"domainName": "test",
		"id": 4,
		"lastUpdated": "2018-11-14 20:54:33+00",
		"name": "quest",
		"ttlOverride": 60
	}}

``DELETE``
==========
Allows a user to delete a specific CDN

:Auth. Required: Yes
:Roles Required: "admin" or "operations"
:Permissions Required: CDN:DELETE, CDN:READ
:Response Type:  ``undefined``

Request Structure
-----------------
.. table:: Request Path Parameters

	+------+------------------------------------------------------+
	| Name |                Description                           |
	+======+======================================================+
	|  ID  | The integral, unique identifier of the CDN to delete |
	+------+------------------------------------------------------+

Response Structure
------------------
.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Response Example

	HTTP/1.1 200 OK
	Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
	Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Origin, X-Requested-With, Content-Type, Accept, Set-Cookie, Cookie
	Access-Control-Allow-Methods: POST,GET,OPTIONS,PUT,DELETE
	Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *
	Content-Type: application/json
	Set-Cookie: mojolicious=...; Path=/; Expires=Mon, 18 Nov 2019 17:40:54 GMT; Max-Age=3600; HttpOnly
	Whole-Content-Sha512: Zy4cJN6BEct4ltFLN4e296mM8XnzOs0EQ3/jp4TA3L+g8qtkI0WrL+ThcFq4xbJPU+KHVDSi+b0JBav3xsYPqQ==
	X-Server-Name: traffic_ops_golang/
	Date: Wed, 14 Nov 2018 20:51:23 GMT
	Content-Length: 58

	{ "alerts": [
		{
			"text": "cdn was deleted.",
			"level": "success"
		}
	]}

Commit message:

Documentation cleanup (#7798)
* Fix indentation and alignment errors

tabs used for alignment, spaces used as indentation, etc.

* trim trailing whitespace

* Add missing admonitions for timestamp format changes

* Fix formatting

Mostly this means the spacing and alignment in field lists, but also
some of the fields got out of lexical order as well, and I ensured
terminating newlines where they were missing

* Fix inaccurate/incorrect documentation

Mostly this relates to places where timestamps are incorrectly labeled
as either RFC or non-RFC, but also includes an unnecessary versionadded
directive, incorrect response types,

* Grammar fixes, add term links, add response field description

* Fix bad automatic merge changes

docs/source/api/v4/cdns_id.rst, after:

..
..
.. Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.. you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.. You may obtain a copy of the License at
..
..     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
..
.. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.. distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.. WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.. limitations under the License.
..

.. _to-api-v4-cdns-id:

***************
``cdns/{{ID}}``
***************

``PUT``
=======
Allows a user to edit a specific CDN

:Auth. Required: Yes
:Roles Required: "admin" or "operations"
:Permissions Required: CDN:UPDATE, CDN:READ
:Response Type:  Object

Request Structure
-----------------
.. table:: Request Path Parameters

	+------+---------------------------------------------------+
	| Name |                Description                        |
	+======+===================================================+
	|  ID  | Integral, unique identifier for the CDN to update |
	+------+---------------------------------------------------+

:dnssecEnabled: If ``true``, this CDN will use DNSSEC, if ``false`` it will not
:domainName:    The top-level domain (TLD) belonging to the CDN
:name:          Name of the new CDN
:ttlOverride:   A :abbr:`TTL (Time To Live)` value, in seconds, that, if set, overrides all set TTL values on :term:`Delivery Services` in this :abbr:`CDN (Content Delivery Network)`. If this is not present in the request, it will be treated as though it were ``null``.

	.. versionadded:: 4.1

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Request Example

	PUT /api/4.0/cdns/3 HTTP/1.1
	Host: trafficops.infra.ciab.test
	User-Agent: curl/7.47.0
	Accept: */*
	Cookie: mojolicious=...
	Content-Length: 63
	Content-Type: application/json

	{"name": "quest", "domainName": "test", "dnssecEnabled": false, "ttlOverride": 60}

Response Structure
------------------
:dnssecEnabled: ``true`` if the CDN uses DNSSEC, ``false`` otherwise
:domainName:    The top-level domain (TLD) assigned to the newly created CDN
:id:            An integral, unique identifier for the newly created CDN
:name:          The newly created CDN's name
:ttlOverride:   A :abbr:`TTL (Time To Live)` value, in seconds, that, if set, overrides all set TTL values on :term:`Delivery Services` in this :abbr:`CDN (Content Delivery Network)`. If this is not present in the request, it will be treated as though it were ``null``.

	.. versionadded:: 4.1


.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Response Example

	HTTP/1.1 200 OK
	Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
	Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Origin, X-Requested-With, Content-Type, Accept, Set-Cookie, Cookie
	Access-Control-Allow-Methods: POST,GET,OPTIONS,PUT,DELETE
	Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *
	Content-Type: application/json
	Set-Cookie: mojolicious=...; Path=/; Expires=Mon, 18 Nov 2019 17:40:54 GMT; Max-Age=3600; HttpOnly
	Whole-Content-Sha512: sI1hzBwG+/VAzoFY20kqGFA2RgrUOThtMeeJqk0ZxH3TRxTWuA8BetACct/XICC3n7hPDLlRVpwckEyBdyJkXg==
	X-Server-Name: traffic_ops_golang/
	Date: Wed, 14 Nov 2018 20:54:33 GMT
	Content-Length: 174

	{ "alerts": [
		{
			"text": "cdn was updated.",
			"level": "success"
		}
	],
	"response": {
		"dnssecEnabled": false,
		"domainName": "test",
		"id": 4,
		"lastUpdated": "2018-11-14 20:54:33+00",
		"name": "quest",
		"ttlOverride": 60
	}}

``DELETE``
==========
Allows a user to delete a specific CDN

:Auth. Required: Yes
:Roles Required: "admin" or "operations"
:Permissions Required: CDN:DELETE, CDN:READ
:Response Type:  ``undefined``

Request Structure
-----------------
.. table:: Request Path Parameters

	+------+------------------------------------------------------+
	| Name |                Description                           |
	+======+======================================================+
	|  ID  | The integral, unique identifier of the CDN to delete |
	+------+------------------------------------------------------+

Response Structure
------------------
.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Response Example

	HTTP/1.1 200 OK
	Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
	Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Origin, X-Requested-With, Content-Type, Accept, Set-Cookie, Cookie
	Access-Control-Allow-Methods: POST,GET,OPTIONS,PUT,DELETE
	Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *
	Content-Type: application/json
	Set-Cookie: mojolicious=...; Path=/; Expires=Mon, 18 Nov 2019 17:40:54 GMT; Max-Age=3600; HttpOnly
	Whole-Content-Sha512: Zy4cJN6BEct4ltFLN4e296mM8XnzOs0EQ3/jp4TA3L+g8qtkI0WrL+ThcFq4xbJPU+KHVDSi+b0JBav3xsYPqQ==
	X-Server-Name: traffic_ops_golang/
	Date: Wed, 14 Nov 2018 20:51:23 GMT
	Content-Length: 58

	{ "alerts": [
		{
			"text": "cdn was deleted.",
			"level": "success"
		}
	]}
