traffic_ops/testing/api/README.md, before:

<!--
    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.
-->

# Traffic Ops API Tests

The Traffic Ops Client API tests are used to validate the clients responses against those from the Traffic Ops API.  

The v1 tests are for regression purposes, and the v2 tests were forked from them when Traffic Ops API v2 was merged. All further feature development will only occur in v2.

In order to run the tests you will need the following:

1. Port access to both the Postgres port (usually 5432) that your Traffic Ops instance is using as well as the Traffic Ops configured port (usually 443 or 60443).

2. An instance of Postgres running with a `to_test` database that has empty tables.

    To get your to_test database setup do the following:
    
    `$ cd trafficcontrol/traffic_ops/app`
    
    `$ db/admin --env=test reset` 

    NOTE on passwords:
    Check that the passwords defined defined for your `to_test` database match 
    here: `trafficcontrol/traffic_ops/app/conf/test/database.conf`
    and here: `traffic-ops-test.conf` 

    The Traffic Ops users will be created by the tool for accessing the API once the database is accessible.
    
    Note that for the database to successfully set up the tables and run the migrations, you will need `goose`.
    On your local machines(Macs), DO NOT install `goose` using `homebrew`. It will install a different version
    `goose`. Instead, install it using the script located at
    `traffic_ops/install/bin/install_goose.sh`. 
    To test if `goose` migrated everything correctly, you can run the following command from the `traffic_ops/app`
    directory:
    `goose -env=test status "user=traffic_ops dbname=to_test sslmode=disable"`
    
    The result should be something similar to:
    ```
     goose: status for environment 'test'
     Applied At                  Migration
     =======================================
     Thu Apr  9 21:55:29 2020 -- 20181206000000_create_monitor_snapshots.sql
     Thu Apr  9 21:55:29 2020 -- 20190219000000_add_consistent_hash_regex.sql
     Thu Apr  9 21:55:29 2020 -- 20190319000000_add_max_origin_connections.sql
     Thu Apr  9 21:55:30 2020 -- 20190513000000_add-allowed_query_keys.sql
     Thu Apr  9 21:55:30 2020 -- 20191004000000_add_server_capabilities.sql
     Thu Apr  9 21:55:30 2020 -- 20191005000000_add_server_server_capability.sql
     Thu Apr  9 21:55:30 2020 -- 20191024000000_add_deliveryservices_required_capability.sql
     Thu Apr  9 21:55:30 2020 -- 20191215000000_add_ecs_enabled.sql
     Thu Apr  9 21:55:30 2020 -- 20200218000000_add_dns_challenges.sql
     Thu Apr  9 21:55:30 2020 -- 20200227000000_add_ds_slice_block_size.sql
     Thu Apr  9 21:55:30 2020 -- 20200313000000_add_server_ip_toggles.sql
     ```
    
    For more info see: http://trafficcontrol.apache.org/docs/latest/development/traffic_ops.html?highlight=reset

3. A running Traffic Ops instance running with the `secure` (https) and is pointing to the `to_test` 
   database by running in `MOJO_MODE=test` which will point to your `to_test` database.
    To get your to_test database setup do the following:
    
   	`$ export MOJO_MODE=test`  
   	
   	`$ cd trafficcontrol/traffic_ops/app`
   	
    `$ bin/start.pl --secure`

4. A running Traffic Ops Golang proxy pointing to the to_test database.
	`$ cd trafficcontrol/traffic_ops/traffic_ops_golang`
	`$ cp ../app/conf/cdn.conf $HOME/cdn.conf`
	change `traffic_ops_golang->port` to 8443

    `$ go build && ./traffic_ops_golang -cfg $HOME/cdn.conf -dbcfg ../app/conf/test/database.conf`
    
    In your local development environment, if the above command fails for an error similar to 
    `ERROR: traffic_ops_golang.go:193: 2020-04-10T10:55:53.190298-06:00: cannot open /etc/pki/tls/certs/localhost.crt for read: open /etc/pki/tls/certs/localhost.crt: no such file or directory`
    you might not have the right certificates at the right locations. Follow the procedure listed
    [here](https://traffic-control-cdn.readthedocs.io/en/latest/admin/traffic_ops.html#id12) to fix it. 
## Running the API Tests
The integration tests are run using `go test`, however, there are some flags that need to be provided in order for the tests to work.  

The flags are:

* usage - API Test tool usage
* cfg - the config file needed to run the tests
* env - Environment variables that can be used to override specific config options that are specified in the config file
* env_vars - Show environment variables that can be overridden
* test_data - traffic control
* run - Go runtime flag for executing a specific test case

Example command to run the tests: 
`TO_URL=https://localhost:8443 go test -v -cfg=traffic-ops-test.conf -run TestCDNs`



* It can take several minutes for the API tests to complete, so using the `-v` flag is recommended to see progress.*

Commit message:

Make `db/admin` use Migrate to migrate the Traffic Ops database (#6057)
* Add migration to migrate from Goose to Golang Migrate

* Convert Goose migrations to Migrate migrations

set -o errexit -o nounset;
for goose_migration in *.sql; do
	migration_name="${goose_migration%.sql}";
	up_migration="${migration_name}.up.sql";
	down_migration="${migration_name}.down.sql";
	up_line="$(sed -n '/^-- +goose Up$/=' "$goose_migration")";
	down_line="$(sed -n '/^-- +goose Down$/=' "$goose_migration")";
	sed $(( down_line ))',$d' "$goose_migration" >"$up_migration";
	sed $(( up_line )),$(( down_line - 1 ))d "$goose_migration" >"$down_migration";
	sed -i "$(<<-'SED_SCRIPT' cat;
		/^-- +goose Up$/d;
		/^-- SQL in section 'Up'/d;
		/^-- +goose Down$/d;
		/^-- SQL section 'Down'/d;
		/^-- +goose StatementBegin$/d;
		/^-- +goose StatementEnd$/d;
		SED_SCRIPT
	)" -- "$up_migration" "$down_migration";
	echo "$(cat --squeeze-blank "$up_migration")" >"$up_migration";
	echo "$(cat --squeeze-blank "$down_migration")" >"$down_migration";
	git add "$up_migration" "$down_migration"
	git rm "$goose_migration";
done;

* Require migrate at v4

* Reuse constants for the `db` and `trafficvault` directory prefixes

* Loop through dbconfig keys to set connection details

* Align and usage text and wrap to 80 characters

* Deprecate `status` command and make it an alias for `dbversion`

* Use Migrate to migrate the Traffic Ops database

* Log Migrate to standard output

* Add create_migration command

* Remove references to Goose and make install_goose.sh a no-op script

* Remove Golang dependency of Traffic Ops

* Rename GooseConfig to EnvConfig

* Remove unused constant

* Group migrate/down and createdb/dropdb commands in usage text

* Add `up` command, an alias for `migrate`

* Document how to resolve migration failures

* Remove negation in condition

* Remove scopes

traffic_ops/testing/api/README.md, after:

<!--
    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.
-->

# Traffic Ops API Tests

The Traffic Ops Client API tests are used to validate the clients responses against those from the Traffic Ops API.  

The v1 tests are for regression purposes, and the v2 tests were forked from them when Traffic Ops API v2 was merged. All further feature development will only occur in v2.

In order to run the tests you will need the following:

1. Port access to both the Postgres port (usually 5432) that your Traffic Ops instance is using as well as the Traffic Ops configured port (usually 443 or 60443).

2. An instance of Postgres running with a `to_test` database that has empty tables.

    To get your to_test database setup do the following:
    
    `$ cd trafficcontrol/traffic_ops/app`
    
    `$ db/admin --env=test reset` 

    NOTE on passwords:
    Check that the passwords defined defined for your `to_test` database match 
    here: `trafficcontrol/traffic_ops/app/conf/test/database.conf`
    and here: `traffic-ops-test.conf` 

    The Traffic Ops users will be created by the tool for accessing the API once the database is accessible.

    Note that for the database to successfully set up the tables and run the migrations, you will the `db/admin` tool.
    To test if `db/admin` ran all migrations successfully, you can run the following command from the `traffic_ops/app`
    directory:
    ```shell
    db/admin -env=test dbversion
    ```

    The result should be something similar to:
    ```
    dbversion 2021070800000000
    ```

    If migrations did not run successfully, you may see:
    ```
    dbversion 20181206000000 (dirty)
    ```

    For more info see: http://trafficcontrol.apache.org/docs/latest/development/traffic_ops.html?highlight=reset

3. A running Traffic Ops instance running with the `secure` (https) and is pointing to the `to_test` 
   database by running in `MOJO_MODE=test` which will point to your `to_test` database.
    To get your to_test database setup do the following:
    
   	`$ export MOJO_MODE=test`  
   	
   	`$ cd trafficcontrol/traffic_ops/app`
   	
    `$ bin/start.pl --secure`

4. A running Traffic Ops Golang proxy pointing to the to_test database.
	`$ cd trafficcontrol/traffic_ops/traffic_ops_golang`
	`$ cp ../app/conf/cdn.conf $HOME/cdn.conf`
	change `traffic_ops_golang->port` to 8443

    `$ go build && ./traffic_ops_golang -cfg $HOME/cdn.conf -dbcfg ../app/conf/test/database.conf`
    
    In your local development environment, if the above command fails for an error similar to 
    `ERROR: traffic_ops_golang.go:193: 2020-04-10T10:55:53.190298-06:00: cannot open /etc/pki/tls/certs/localhost.crt for read: open /etc/pki/tls/certs/localhost.crt: no such file or directory`
    you might not have the right certificates at the right locations. Follow the procedure listed
    [here](https://traffic-control-cdn.readthedocs.io/en/latest/admin/traffic_ops.html#id12) to fix it. 
## Running the API Tests
The integration tests are run using `go test`, however, there are some flags that need to be provided in order for the tests to work.  

The flags are:

* usage - API Test tool usage
* cfg - the config file needed to run the tests
* env - Environment variables that can be used to override specific config options that are specified in the config file
* env_vars - Show environment variables that can be overridden
* test_data - traffic control
* run - Go runtime flag for executing a specific test case

Example command to run the tests: 
`TO_URL=https://localhost:8443 go test -v -cfg=traffic-ops-test.conf -run TestCDNs`



* It can take several minutes for the API tests to complete, so using the `-v` flag is recommended to see progress.*
