docs/source/api/v1/parameters_id.rst, before:

..
..
.. Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.. you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.. You may obtain a copy of the License at
..
..     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
..
.. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.. distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.. WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.. limitations under the License.
..

.. _to-api-v1-parameters-id:

*********************
``parameters/{{ID}}``
*********************

``GET``
=======
.. deprecated:: ATCv4
	Use the ``GET`` method of :ref:`to-api-v1-parameters` with the query parameter ``id`` instead.

Gets details about a specific :term:`Parameter`

:Auth. Required: Yes
:Roles Required: None
:Response Type:  Array

Request Structure
-----------------
.. table:: Request Path Parameters

	+------+------------------------------------------------------------------+
	| Name | Description                                                      |
	+======+==================================================================+
	| ID   | The :ref:`parameter-id` of the :term:`Parameter` to be inspected |
	+------+------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. table:: Request Query Parameters

	+-----------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
	| Name      | Description                                                                                                                                                                                 |
	+===========+=============================================================================================================================================================================================+
	| orderby   | Choose the ordering of the results - must be the name of one of the fields of the objects in the ``response`` array                                                                         |
	+-----------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
	| sortOrder | Changes the order of sorting. Either ascending (default or "asc") or descending ("desc")                                                                                                    |
	+-----------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
	| limit     | Choose the maximum number of results to return                                                                                                                                              |
	+-----------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
	| offset    | The number of results to skip before beginning to return results. Must use in conjunction with limit                                                                                        |
	+-----------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
	| page      | Return the n\ :sup:`th` page of results, where "n" is the value of this parameter, pages are ``limit`` long and the first page is 1. If ``offset`` was defined, this query parameter has no |
	|           | effect. ``limit`` must be defined to make use of ``page``.                                                                                                                                  |
	+-----------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Request Example

	GET /api/1.4/parameters/29 HTTP/1.1
	Host: trafficops.infra.ciab.test
	User-Agent: curl/7.47.0
	Accept: */*
	Cookie: mojolicious=...

Response Structure
------------------
:configFile:  The :term:`Parameter`'s :ref:`parameter-config-file`
:id:          The :term:`Parameter`'s :ref:`parameter-id`
:lastUpdated: The date and time at which this :term:`Parameter` was last updated, in an ISO-like format
:name:        :ref:`parameter-name` of the :term:`Parameter`
:profiles:    An array of :term:`Profile` :ref:`Names <profile-name>` that use this :term:`Parameter`
:secure:      A boolean value that describes whether or not the :term:`Parameter` is :ref:`parameter-secure`
:value:       The :term:`Parameter`'s :ref:`parameter-value`

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Response Example

	HTTP/1.1 200 OK
	Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
	Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Origin, X-Requested-With, Content-Type, Accept, Set-Cookie, Cookie
	Access-Control-Allow-Methods: POST,GET,OPTIONS,PUT,DELETE
	Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *
	Content-Type: application/json
	Set-Cookie: mojolicious=...; Path=/; Expires=Mon, 18 Nov 2019 17:40:54 GMT; Max-Age=3600; HttpOnly
	Whole-Content-Sha512: UFO3/jcBFmFZM7CsrsIwTfPc5v8gUiXqJm6BNp1boPb4EQBnWNXZh/DbBwhMAOJoeqDImoDlrLnrVjQGO4AooA==
	X-Server-Name: traffic_ops_golang/
	Date: Wed, 05 Dec 2018 19:01:54 GMT
	Content-Length: 212

	{ "response": [
		{
			"configFile": "records.config",
			"id": 29,
			"lastUpdated": "2018-12-05 17:51:02+00",
			"name": "location",
			"profiles": [
				"ATS_EDGE_TIER_CACHE",
				"ATS_MID_TIER_CACHE"
			],
			"secure": false,
			"value": "/etc/trafficserver/"
		}
	],
	"alerts": [
		{
			"text": "This endpoint is deprecated, please use GET /parameters with query parameter id instead",
			"level": "warning"
		}
	]}

``PUT``
=======
Replaces a :term:`Parameter`.

:Auth. Required: Yes
:Roles Required: "admin" or "operations"
:Response Type:  Object

Request Structure
-----------------
.. table:: Request Path Parameters

	+------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
	| Name | Description                                                            |
	+======+========================================================================+
	|  ID  | The :ref:`parameter-id` of the :term:`Parameter` which will be deleted |
	+------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+

:configFile:  The :term:`Parameter`'s :ref:`parameter-config-file`
:name:        :ref:`parameter-name` of the :term:`Parameter`
:secure:      A boolean value that describes whether or not the :term:`Parameter` is :ref:`parameter-secure`
:value:       The :term:`Parameter`'s :ref:`parameter-value`

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Request Example

	PUT /api/1.4/parameters/124 HTTP/1.1
	Host: trafficops.infra.ciab.test
	User-Agent: curl/7.47.0
	Accept: */*
	Cookie: mojolicious=...
	Content-Length: 81
	Content-Type: application/json

	{
		"name": "foo",
		"value": "bar",
		"configFile": "records.config",
		"secure": false
	}

Response Structure
------------------
:configFile:  The :term:`Parameter`'s :ref:`parameter-config-file`
:id:          The :term:`Parameter`'s :ref:`parameter-id`
:lastUpdated: The date and time at which this :term:`Parameter` was last updated, in an ISO-like format
:name:        :ref:`parameter-name` of the :term:`Parameter`
:profiles:    An array of :term:`Profile` :ref:`Names <profile-name>` that use this :term:`Parameter`
:secure:      A boolean value that describes whether or not the :term:`Parameter` is :ref:`parameter-secure`
:value:       The :term:`Parameter`'s :ref:`parameter-value`

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Response Example

	HTTP/1.1 200 OK
	Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
	Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Origin, X-Requested-With, Content-Type, Accept, Set-Cookie, Cookie
	Access-Control-Allow-Methods: POST,GET,OPTIONS,PUT,DELETE
	Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *
	Content-Type: application/json
	Set-Cookie: mojolicious=...; Path=/; Expires=Mon, 18 Nov 2019 17:40:54 GMT; Max-Age=3600; HttpOnly
	Whole-Content-Sha512: DMxS2gKceFVKRtezON/vsnrC+zI8onASSHaGv5i3wwvUvyt9KEe72gxQd6ZgVcSq3K8ZpkH6g3UI/WtEfdp5vA==
	X-Server-Name: traffic_ops_golang/
	Date: Wed, 05 Dec 2018 20:21:07 GMT
	Content-Length: 209

	{ "alerts": [
		{
			"text": "param was updated.",
			"level": "success"
		}
	],
	"response": {
		"configFile": "records.config",
		"id": 125,
		"lastUpdated": "2018-12-05 20:21:07+00",
		"name": "foo",
		"profiles": null,
		"secure": false,
		"value": "bar"
	}}

``DELETE``
==========
Deletes the specified :term:`Parameter`. If, however, the :term:`Parameter` is associated with one or more :term:`Profiles`, deletion will fail.

:Auth. Required: Yes
:Roles Required: "admin" or "operations"
:Response TYpe:  ``undefined``

Request Structure
-----------------
.. table:: Request Path Parameters

	+------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
	| Name | Description                                                            |
	+======+========================================================================+
	|  ID  | The :ref:`parameter-id` of the :term:`Parameter` which will be deleted |
	+------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Request Example

	DELETE /api/1.4/parameters/124 HTTP/1.1
	Host: trafficops.infra.ciab.test
	User-Agent: curl/7.47.0
	Accept: */*
	Cookie: mojolicious=...

Response Structure
------------------
.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Response Example

	HTTP/1.1 200 OK
	Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
	Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Origin, X-Requested-With, Content-Type, Accept, Set-Cookie, Cookie
	Access-Control-Allow-Methods: POST,GET,OPTIONS,PUT,DELETE
	Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *
	Content-Type: application/json
	Set-Cookie: mojolicious=...; Path=/; Expires=Mon, 18 Nov 2019 17:40:54 GMT; Max-Age=3600; HttpOnly
	Whole-Content-Sha512: hJjQq2Seg7sqWt+jKgp6gwRxUtoVU34PFoc9wEaweXdaIBTn/BscoUuyw2/n+V8GZPqpeQcihZE50/0oQhdtHw==
	X-Server-Name: traffic_ops_golang/
	Date: Wed, 05 Dec 2018 19:20:30 GMT
	Content-Length: 60

	{ "alerts": [
		{
			"text": "param was deleted.",
			"level": "success"
		}
	]}

Commit message:

Fix Docs spacing/indentation and RFC3339 time (#5886)
* Fix inconsistent indentation/alignment in the documentation

* Fix incorrectly documented date/time formats in the API

* change 'an ISO-like format' to reference to format description

* Add example timestamp

docs/source/api/v1/parameters_id.rst, after:

..
..
.. Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.. you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.. You may obtain a copy of the License at
..
..     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
..
.. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.. distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.. WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.. limitations under the License.
..

.. _to-api-v1-parameters-id:

*********************
``parameters/{{ID}}``
*********************

``GET``
=======
.. deprecated:: ATCv4
	Use the ``GET`` method of :ref:`to-api-v1-parameters` with the query parameter ``id`` instead.

Gets details about a specific :term:`Parameter`

:Auth. Required: Yes
:Roles Required: None
:Response Type:  Array

Request Structure
-----------------
.. table:: Request Path Parameters

	+------+------------------------------------------------------------------+
	| Name | Description                                                      |
	+======+==================================================================+
	| ID   | The :ref:`parameter-id` of the :term:`Parameter` to be inspected |
	+------+------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. table:: Request Query Parameters

	+-----------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
	| Name      | Description                                                                                                                                                                                 |
	+===========+=============================================================================================================================================================================================+
	| orderby   | Choose the ordering of the results - must be the name of one of the fields of the objects in the ``response`` array                                                                         |
	+-----------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
	| sortOrder | Changes the order of sorting. Either ascending (default or "asc") or descending ("desc")                                                                                                    |
	+-----------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
	| limit     | Choose the maximum number of results to return                                                                                                                                              |
	+-----------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
	| offset    | The number of results to skip before beginning to return results. Must use in conjunction with limit                                                                                        |
	+-----------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
	| page      | Return the n\ :sup:`th` page of results, where "n" is the value of this parameter, pages are ``limit`` long and the first page is 1. If ``offset`` was defined, this query parameter has no |
	|           | effect. ``limit`` must be defined to make use of ``page``.                                                                                                                                  |
	+-----------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Request Example

	GET /api/1.4/parameters/29 HTTP/1.1
	Host: trafficops.infra.ciab.test
	User-Agent: curl/7.47.0
	Accept: */*
	Cookie: mojolicious=...

Response Structure
------------------
:configFile:  The :term:`Parameter`'s :ref:`parameter-config-file`
:id:          The :term:`Parameter`'s :ref:`parameter-id`
:lastUpdated: The date and time at which this :term:`Parameter` was last updated, in :ref:`non-rfc-datetime`
:name:        :ref:`parameter-name` of the :term:`Parameter`
:profiles:    An array of :term:`Profile` :ref:`Names <profile-name>` that use this :term:`Parameter`
:secure:      A boolean value that describes whether or not the :term:`Parameter` is :ref:`parameter-secure`
:value:       The :term:`Parameter`'s :ref:`parameter-value`

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Response Example

	HTTP/1.1 200 OK
	Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
	Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Origin, X-Requested-With, Content-Type, Accept, Set-Cookie, Cookie
	Access-Control-Allow-Methods: POST,GET,OPTIONS,PUT,DELETE
	Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *
	Content-Type: application/json
	Set-Cookie: mojolicious=...; Path=/; Expires=Mon, 18 Nov 2019 17:40:54 GMT; Max-Age=3600; HttpOnly
	Whole-Content-Sha512: UFO3/jcBFmFZM7CsrsIwTfPc5v8gUiXqJm6BNp1boPb4EQBnWNXZh/DbBwhMAOJoeqDImoDlrLnrVjQGO4AooA==
	X-Server-Name: traffic_ops_golang/
	Date: Wed, 05 Dec 2018 19:01:54 GMT
	Content-Length: 212

	{ "response": [
		{
			"configFile": "records.config",
			"id": 29,
			"lastUpdated": "2018-12-05 17:51:02+00",
			"name": "location",
			"profiles": [
				"ATS_EDGE_TIER_CACHE",
				"ATS_MID_TIER_CACHE"
			],
			"secure": false,
			"value": "/etc/trafficserver/"
		}
	],
	"alerts": [
		{
			"text": "This endpoint is deprecated, please use GET /parameters with query parameter id instead",
			"level": "warning"
		}
	]}

``PUT``
=======
Replaces a :term:`Parameter`.

:Auth. Required: Yes
:Roles Required: "admin" or "operations"
:Response Type:  Object

Request Structure
-----------------
.. table:: Request Path Parameters

	+------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
	| Name | Description                                                            |
	+======+========================================================================+
	|  ID  | The :ref:`parameter-id` of the :term:`Parameter` which will be deleted |
	+------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+

:configFile:  The :term:`Parameter`'s :ref:`parameter-config-file`
:name:        :ref:`parameter-name` of the :term:`Parameter`
:secure:      A boolean value that describes whether or not the :term:`Parameter` is :ref:`parameter-secure`
:value:       The :term:`Parameter`'s :ref:`parameter-value`

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Request Example

	PUT /api/1.4/parameters/124 HTTP/1.1
	Host: trafficops.infra.ciab.test
	User-Agent: curl/7.47.0
	Accept: */*
	Cookie: mojolicious=...
	Content-Length: 81
	Content-Type: application/json

	{
		"name": "foo",
		"value": "bar",
		"configFile": "records.config",
		"secure": false
	}

Response Structure
------------------
:configFile:  The :term:`Parameter`'s :ref:`parameter-config-file`
:id:          The :term:`Parameter`'s :ref:`parameter-id`
:lastUpdated: The date and time at which this :term:`Parameter` was last updated, in :ref:`non-rfc-datetime`
:name:        :ref:`parameter-name` of the :term:`Parameter`
:profiles:    An array of :term:`Profile` :ref:`Names <profile-name>` that use this :term:`Parameter`
:secure:      A boolean value that describes whether or not the :term:`Parameter` is :ref:`parameter-secure`
:value:       The :term:`Parameter`'s :ref:`parameter-value`

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Response Example

	HTTP/1.1 200 OK
	Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
	Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Origin, X-Requested-With, Content-Type, Accept, Set-Cookie, Cookie
	Access-Control-Allow-Methods: POST,GET,OPTIONS,PUT,DELETE
	Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *
	Content-Type: application/json
	Set-Cookie: mojolicious=...; Path=/; Expires=Mon, 18 Nov 2019 17:40:54 GMT; Max-Age=3600; HttpOnly
	Whole-Content-Sha512: DMxS2gKceFVKRtezON/vsnrC+zI8onASSHaGv5i3wwvUvyt9KEe72gxQd6ZgVcSq3K8ZpkH6g3UI/WtEfdp5vA==
	X-Server-Name: traffic_ops_golang/
	Date: Wed, 05 Dec 2018 20:21:07 GMT
	Content-Length: 209

	{ "alerts": [
		{
			"text": "param was updated.",
			"level": "success"
		}
	],
	"response": {
		"configFile": "records.config",
		"id": 125,
		"lastUpdated": "2018-12-05 20:21:07+00",
		"name": "foo",
		"profiles": null,
		"secure": false,
		"value": "bar"
	}}

``DELETE``
==========
Deletes the specified :term:`Parameter`. If, however, the :term:`Parameter` is associated with one or more :term:`Profiles`, deletion will fail.

:Auth. Required: Yes
:Roles Required: "admin" or "operations"
:Response TYpe:  ``undefined``

Request Structure
-----------------
.. table:: Request Path Parameters

	+------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
	| Name | Description                                                            |
	+======+========================================================================+
	|  ID  | The :ref:`parameter-id` of the :term:`Parameter` which will be deleted |
	+------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Request Example

	DELETE /api/1.4/parameters/124 HTTP/1.1
	Host: trafficops.infra.ciab.test
	User-Agent: curl/7.47.0
	Accept: */*
	Cookie: mojolicious=...

Response Structure
------------------
.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Response Example

	HTTP/1.1 200 OK
	Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
	Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Origin, X-Requested-With, Content-Type, Accept, Set-Cookie, Cookie
	Access-Control-Allow-Methods: POST,GET,OPTIONS,PUT,DELETE
	Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *
	Content-Type: application/json
	Set-Cookie: mojolicious=...; Path=/; Expires=Mon, 18 Nov 2019 17:40:54 GMT; Max-Age=3600; HttpOnly
	Whole-Content-Sha512: hJjQq2Seg7sqWt+jKgp6gwRxUtoVU34PFoc9wEaweXdaIBTn/BscoUuyw2/n+V8GZPqpeQcihZE50/0oQhdtHw==
	X-Server-Name: traffic_ops_golang/
	Date: Wed, 05 Dec 2018 19:20:30 GMT
	Content-Length: 60

	{ "alerts": [
		{
			"text": "param was deleted.",
			"level": "success"
		}
	]}
