docs/source/api/v5/deliveryservice_requests_id_status.rst, before:

..
..
.. Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.. you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.. You may obtain a copy of the License at
..
..     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
..
.. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.. distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.. WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.. limitations under the License.
..

.. _to-api-deliveryservice_requests-id-status:

******************************************
``deliveryservice_requests/{{ID}}/status``
******************************************
Get or set the status of a :term:`Delivery Service Request`.

``GET``
=======
Gets the status of a :term:`DSR`.

:Auth. Required:       Yes
:Roles Required:       "admin", "Federation", "operations", "Portal", or "Steering"
:Permissions Required: DS-REQUEST:READ
:Response Type:        Object (string)

Request Structure
-----------------
.. table:: Request Path Parameters

	+------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
	| Name | Description                                                                             |
	+======+=========================================================================================+
	|  ID  | The integral, unique identifier of the :term:`Delivery Service Request` being inspected |
	+------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+


.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Request Example

	GET /api/5.0/deliveryservice_requests/1/status HTTP/1.1
	User-Agent: python-requests/2.24.0
	Accept-Encoding: gzip, deflate
	Accept: */*
	Connection: keep-alive
	Cookie: mojolicious=...

Response Structure
------------------
The response is the status of the requested :term:`DSR`.

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Response Example

	HTTP/1.1 200 OK
	Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
	Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Origin, X-Requested-With, Content-Type, Accept, Set-Cookie, Cookie
	Access-Control-Allow-Methods: POST,GET,OPTIONS,PUT,DELETE
	Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *
	Content-Encoding: gzip
	Content-Type: application/json
	Set-Cookie: mojolicious=...; Path=/; Expires=Tue, 02 Feb 2021 22:56:47 GMT; Max-Age=3600; HttpOnly
	Vary: Accept-Encoding
	X-Server-Name: traffic_ops_golang/
	Date: Tue, 02 Feb 2021 21:56:47 GMT
	Content-Length: 45

	{ "response": "draft" }


``PUT``
=======
:Auth. Required: Yes
:Roles Required: "admin", "Federation", "operations", "Portal", or "Steering"
:Permissions Required: DS-REQUEST:UPDATE, DS-REQUEST:READ
:Response Type:  Object

Request Structure
-----------------
.. table:: Request Path Parameters

	+------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
	| Name | Description                                                                             |
	+======+=========================================================================================+
	|  ID  | The integral, unique identifier of the :term:`Delivery Service Request` being modified  |
	+------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+


:status: The status of the :term:`DSR`. Can be "draft", "submitted", "rejected", "pending", or "complete".

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Request Example

	PUT /api/5.0/deliveryservice_requests/1/status HTTP/1.1
	User-Agent: python-requests/2.25.1
	Accept-Encoding: gzip, deflate
	Accept: */*
	Connection: keep-alive
	Cookie: access_token=...; mojolicious=...
	Content-Length: 23
	Content-Type: application/json

	{"status": "submitted"}

Response Structure
------------------
The response is a full representation of the modified :term:`DSR`.

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Response Example

	HTTP/1.1 200 OK
	Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
	Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Origin, X-Requested-With, Content-Type, Accept, Set-Cookie, Cookie
	Access-Control-Allow-Methods: POST,GET,OPTIONS,PUT,DELETE
	Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *
	Content-Encoding: gzip
	Content-Type: application/json
	Permissions-Policy: interest-cohort=()
	Set-Cookie: mojolicious=...; Path=/; Expires=Thu, 29 Sep 2022 23:21:02 GMT; Max-Age=3600; HttpOnly, access_token=...; Path=/; Expires=Thu, 29 Sep 2022 23:21:02 GMT; Max-Age=3600; HttpOnly
	Vary: Accept-Encoding
	X-Server-Name: traffic_ops_golang/
	Date: Thu, 29 Sep 2022 22:21:02 GMT
	Content-Length: 1174

	{ "alerts": [{
		"text": "Changed status of 'demo1' Delivery Service Request from 'draft' to 'submitted'",
		"level": "success"
	}],
	"response": {
		"assignee": null,
		"author": "admin",
		"changeType": "update",
		"createdAt": "2022-09-29T22:07:15.008503-6:00",
		"id": 1,
		"lastEditedBy": "admin",
		"lastUpdated": "2022-09-29T22:21:02.144598-6:00",
		"original": {
			"active": "ACTIVE",
			"anonymousBlockingEnabled": false,
			"ccrDnsTtl": null,
			"cdnId": 2,
			"cdnName": "CDN-in-a-Box",
			"checkPath": null,
			"consistentHashQueryParams": [
				"abc",
				"pdq",
				"xxx",
				"zyx"
			],
			"consistentHashRegex": null,
			"deepCachingType": "NEVER",
			"displayName": "Demo 1",
			"dnsBypassCname": null,
			"dnsBypassIp": null,
			"dnsBypassIp6": null,
			"dnsBypassTtl": null,
			"dscp": 0,
			"ecsEnabled": false,
			"edgeHeaderRewrite": null,
			"exampleURLs": [
				"http://video.demo1.mycdn.ciab.test",
				"https://video.demo1.mycdn.ciab.test"
			],
			"firstHeaderRewrite": null,
			"fqPacingRate": null,
			"geoLimit": 0,
			"geoLimitCountries": null,
			"geoLimitRedirectURL": null,
			"geoProvider": 0,
			"globalMaxMbps": null,
			"globalMaxTps": null,
			"httpBypassFqdn": null,
			"id": 1,
			"infoUrl": null,
			"initialDispersion": 1,
			"innerHeaderRewrite": null,
			"ipv6RoutingEnabled": true,
			"lastHeaderRewrite": null,
			"lastUpdated": "2022-09-29T20:58:53.07251-6:00",
			"logsEnabled": true,
			"longDesc": "Apachecon North America 2018",
			"matchList": [
				{
					"type": "HOST_REGEXP",
					"setNumber": 0,
					"pattern": ".*\\.demo1\\..*"
				}
			],
			"maxDnsAnswers": null,
			"maxOriginConnections": 0,
			"maxRequestHeaderBytes": 0,
			"midHeaderRewrite": null,
			"missLat": 42,
			"missLong": -88,
			"multiSiteOrigin": true,
			"originShield": null,
			"orgServerFqdn": "http://origin.infra.ciab.test",
			"profileDescription": null,
			"profileId": null,
			"profileName": null,
			"protocol": 2,
			"qstringIgnore": 0,
			"rangeRequestHandling": 0,
			"rangeSliceBlockSize": null,
			"regexRemap": null,
			"regional": false,
			"regionalGeoBlocking": false,
			"remapText": null,
			"routingName": "video",
			"serviceCategory": null,
			"signed": false,
			"signingAlgorithm": null,
			"sslKeyVersion": 1,
			"tenant": "root",
			"tenantId": 1,
			"tlsVersions": null,
			"topology": "demo1-top",
			"trResponseHeaders": null,
			"trRequestHeaders": null,
			"type": "HTTP",
			"typeId": 1,
			"xmlId": "demo1"
		},
		"requested": {
			"active": "INACTIVE",
			"anonymousBlockingEnabled": false,
			"ccrDnsTtl": 30,
			"cdnId": 2,
			"cdnName": null,
			"checkPath": null,
			"consistentHashQueryParams": null,
			"consistentHashRegex": null,
			"deepCachingType": "NEVER",
			"displayName": "Demo 1 but I modified the DSR",
			"dnsBypassCname": null,
			"dnsBypassIp": null,
			"dnsBypassIp6": null,
			"dnsBypassTtl": null,
			"dscp": 0,
			"ecsEnabled": false,
			"edgeHeaderRewrite": null,
			"exampleURLs": null,
			"firstHeaderRewrite": null,
			"fqPacingRate": null,
			"geoLimit": 0,
			"geoLimitCountries": null,
			"geoLimitRedirectURL": null,
			"geoProvider": 0,
			"globalMaxMbps": null,
			"globalMaxTps": null,
			"httpBypassFqdn": null,
			"id": 1,
			"infoUrl": null,
			"initialDispersion": 3,
			"innerHeaderRewrite": null,
			"ipv6RoutingEnabled": null,
			"lastHeaderRewrite": null,
			"lastUpdated": "2022-09-29T20:58:53-6:00",
			"logsEnabled": false,
			"longDesc": "long desc",
			"matchList": null,
			"maxDnsAnswers": null,
			"maxOriginConnections": 0,
			"maxRequestHeaderBytes": 0,
			"midHeaderRewrite": null,
			"missLat": null,
			"missLong": null,
			"multiSiteOrigin": false,
			"originShield": null,
			"orgServerFqdn": null,
			"profileDescription": null,
			"profileId": null,
			"profileName": null,
			"protocol": null,
			"qstringIgnore": null,
			"rangeRequestHandling": null,
			"rangeSliceBlockSize": null,
			"regexRemap": null,
			"regional": false,
			"regionalGeoBlocking": false,
			"remapText": null,
			"routingName": "cdn",
			"serviceCategory": null,
			"signed": false,
			"signingAlgorithm": null,
			"sslKeyVersion": null,
			"tenant": null,
			"tenantId": 1,
			"tlsVersions": null,
			"topology": null,
			"trResponseHeaders": null,
			"trRequestHeaders": null,
			"type": null,
			"typeId": 8,
			"xmlId": "demo1"
		},
		"status": "submitted"
	}}

Commit message:

Documentation cleanup (#7798)
* Fix indentation and alignment errors

tabs used for alignment, spaces used as indentation, etc.

* trim trailing whitespace

* Add missing admonitions for timestamp format changes

* Fix formatting

Mostly this means the spacing and alignment in field lists, but also
some of the fields got out of lexical order as well, and I ensured
terminating newlines where they were missing

* Fix inaccurate/incorrect documentation

Mostly this relates to places where timestamps are incorrectly labeled
as either RFC or non-RFC, but also includes an unnecessary versionadded
directive, incorrect response types,

* Grammar fixes, add term links, add response field description

* Fix bad automatic merge changes

(cherry picked from commit e245f95dd6e5f7dd851dffe355c8745f40abfe76)

docs/source/api/v5/deliveryservice_requests_id_status.rst, after:

..
..
.. Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.. you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.. You may obtain a copy of the License at
..
..     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
..
.. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.. distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.. WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.. limitations under the License.
..

.. _to-api-deliveryservice_requests-id-status:

******************************************
``deliveryservice_requests/{{ID}}/status``
******************************************
Get or set the status of a :term:`Delivery Service Request`.

``GET``
=======
Gets the status of a :term:`DSR`.

:Auth. Required:       Yes
:Roles Required:       "admin", "Federation", "operations", "Portal", or "Steering"
:Permissions Required: DS-REQUEST:READ
:Response Type:        Object (string)

Request Structure
-----------------
.. table:: Request Path Parameters

	+------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
	| Name | Description                                                                             |
	+======+=========================================================================================+
	|  ID  | The integral, unique identifier of the :term:`Delivery Service Request` being inspected |
	+------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+


.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Request Example

	GET /api/5.0/deliveryservice_requests/1/status HTTP/1.1
	User-Agent: python-requests/2.24.0
	Accept-Encoding: gzip, deflate
	Accept: */*
	Connection: keep-alive
	Cookie: mojolicious=...

Response Structure
------------------
The response is the status of the requested :term:`DSR`.

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Response Example

	HTTP/1.1 200 OK
	Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
	Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Origin, X-Requested-With, Content-Type, Accept, Set-Cookie, Cookie
	Access-Control-Allow-Methods: POST,GET,OPTIONS,PUT,DELETE
	Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *
	Content-Encoding: gzip
	Content-Type: application/json
	Set-Cookie: mojolicious=...; Path=/; Expires=Tue, 02 Feb 2021 22:56:47 GMT; Max-Age=3600; HttpOnly
	Vary: Accept-Encoding
	X-Server-Name: traffic_ops_golang/
	Date: Tue, 02 Feb 2021 21:56:47 GMT
	Content-Length: 45

	{ "response": "draft" }


``PUT``
=======
:Auth. Required: Yes
:Roles Required: "admin", "Federation", "operations", "Portal", or "Steering"
:Permissions Required: DS-REQUEST:UPDATE, DS-REQUEST:READ
:Response Type:  Object

Request Structure
-----------------
.. table:: Request Path Parameters

	+------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
	| Name | Description                                                                             |
	+======+=========================================================================================+
	|  ID  | The integral, unique identifier of the :term:`Delivery Service Request` being modified  |
	+------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+


:status: The status of the :term:`DSR`. Can be "draft", "submitted", "rejected", "pending", or "complete".

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Request Example

	PUT /api/5.0/deliveryservice_requests/1/status HTTP/1.1
	User-Agent: python-requests/2.25.1
	Accept-Encoding: gzip, deflate
	Accept: */*
	Connection: keep-alive
	Cookie: access_token=...; mojolicious=...
	Content-Length: 23
	Content-Type: application/json

	{"status": "submitted"}

Response Structure
------------------
The response is a full representation of the modified :term:`DSR`.

.. versionchanged:: 5.0
	Prior to version 5.0 of the API, the ``lastUpdated`` field was in :ref:`non-rfc-datetime`.

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Response Example

	HTTP/1.1 200 OK
	Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
	Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Origin, X-Requested-With, Content-Type, Accept, Set-Cookie, Cookie
	Access-Control-Allow-Methods: POST,GET,OPTIONS,PUT,DELETE
	Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *
	Content-Encoding: gzip
	Content-Type: application/json
	Permissions-Policy: interest-cohort=()
	Set-Cookie: mojolicious=...; Path=/; Expires=Thu, 29 Sep 2022 23:21:02 GMT; Max-Age=3600; HttpOnly, access_token=...; Path=/; Expires=Thu, 29 Sep 2022 23:21:02 GMT; Max-Age=3600; HttpOnly
	Vary: Accept-Encoding
	X-Server-Name: traffic_ops_golang/
	Date: Thu, 29 Sep 2022 22:21:02 GMT
	Content-Length: 1174

	{ "alerts": [{
		"text": "Changed status of 'demo1' Delivery Service Request from 'draft' to 'submitted'",
		"level": "success"
	}],
	"response": {
		"assignee": null,
		"author": "admin",
		"changeType": "update",
		"createdAt": "2022-09-29T22:07:15.008503-6:00",
		"id": 1,
		"lastEditedBy": "admin",
		"lastUpdated": "2022-09-29T22:21:02.144598-6:00",
		"original": {
			"active": "ACTIVE",
			"anonymousBlockingEnabled": false,
			"ccrDnsTtl": null,
			"cdnId": 2,
			"cdnName": "CDN-in-a-Box",
			"checkPath": null,
			"consistentHashQueryParams": [
				"abc",
				"pdq",
				"xxx",
				"zyx"
			],
			"consistentHashRegex": null,
			"deepCachingType": "NEVER",
			"displayName": "Demo 1",
			"dnsBypassCname": null,
			"dnsBypassIp": null,
			"dnsBypassIp6": null,
			"dnsBypassTtl": null,
			"dscp": 0,
			"ecsEnabled": false,
			"edgeHeaderRewrite": null,
			"exampleURLs": [
				"http://video.demo1.mycdn.ciab.test",
				"https://video.demo1.mycdn.ciab.test"
			],
			"firstHeaderRewrite": null,
			"fqPacingRate": null,
			"geoLimit": 0,
			"geoLimitCountries": null,
			"geoLimitRedirectURL": null,
			"geoProvider": 0,
			"globalMaxMbps": null,
			"globalMaxTps": null,
			"httpBypassFqdn": null,
			"id": 1,
			"infoUrl": null,
			"initialDispersion": 1,
			"innerHeaderRewrite": null,
			"ipv6RoutingEnabled": true,
			"lastHeaderRewrite": null,
			"lastUpdated": "2022-09-29T20:58:53.07251-6:00",
			"logsEnabled": true,
			"longDesc": "Apachecon North America 2018",
			"matchList": [
				{
					"type": "HOST_REGEXP",
					"setNumber": 0,
					"pattern": ".*\\.demo1\\..*"
				}
			],
			"maxDnsAnswers": null,
			"maxOriginConnections": 0,
			"maxRequestHeaderBytes": 0,
			"midHeaderRewrite": null,
			"missLat": 42,
			"missLong": -88,
			"multiSiteOrigin": true,
			"originShield": null,
			"orgServerFqdn": "http://origin.infra.ciab.test",
			"profileDescription": null,
			"profileId": null,
			"profileName": null,
			"protocol": 2,
			"qstringIgnore": 0,
			"rangeRequestHandling": 0,
			"rangeSliceBlockSize": null,
			"regexRemap": null,
			"regional": false,
			"regionalGeoBlocking": false,
			"remapText": null,
			"routingName": "video",
			"serviceCategory": null,
			"signed": false,
			"signingAlgorithm": null,
			"sslKeyVersion": 1,
			"tenant": "root",
			"tenantId": 1,
			"tlsVersions": null,
			"topology": "demo1-top",
			"trResponseHeaders": null,
			"trRequestHeaders": null,
			"type": "HTTP",
			"typeId": 1,
			"xmlId": "demo1"
		},
		"requested": {
			"active": "INACTIVE",
			"anonymousBlockingEnabled": false,
			"ccrDnsTtl": 30,
			"cdnId": 2,
			"cdnName": null,
			"checkPath": null,
			"consistentHashQueryParams": null,
			"consistentHashRegex": null,
			"deepCachingType": "NEVER",
			"displayName": "Demo 1 but I modified the DSR",
			"dnsBypassCname": null,
			"dnsBypassIp": null,
			"dnsBypassIp6": null,
			"dnsBypassTtl": null,
			"dscp": 0,
			"ecsEnabled": false,
			"edgeHeaderRewrite": null,
			"exampleURLs": null,
			"firstHeaderRewrite": null,
			"fqPacingRate": null,
			"geoLimit": 0,
			"geoLimitCountries": null,
			"geoLimitRedirectURL": null,
			"geoProvider": 0,
			"globalMaxMbps": null,
			"globalMaxTps": null,
			"httpBypassFqdn": null,
			"id": 1,
			"infoUrl": null,
			"initialDispersion": 3,
			"innerHeaderRewrite": null,
			"ipv6RoutingEnabled": null,
			"lastHeaderRewrite": null,
			"lastUpdated": "2022-09-29T20:58:53-6:00",
			"logsEnabled": false,
			"longDesc": "long desc",
			"matchList": null,
			"maxDnsAnswers": null,
			"maxOriginConnections": 0,
			"maxRequestHeaderBytes": 0,
			"midHeaderRewrite": null,
			"missLat": null,
			"missLong": null,
			"multiSiteOrigin": false,
			"originShield": null,
			"orgServerFqdn": null,
			"profileDescription": null,
			"profileId": null,
			"profileName": null,
			"protocol": null,
			"qstringIgnore": null,
			"rangeRequestHandling": null,
			"rangeSliceBlockSize": null,
			"regexRemap": null,
			"regional": false,
			"regionalGeoBlocking": false,
			"remapText": null,
			"routingName": "cdn",
			"serviceCategory": null,
			"signed": false,
			"signingAlgorithm": null,
			"sslKeyVersion": null,
			"tenant": null,
			"tenantId": 1,
			"tlsVersions": null,
			"topology": null,
			"trResponseHeaders": null,
			"trRequestHeaders": null,
			"type": null,
			"typeId": 8,
			"xmlId": "demo1"
		},
		"status": "submitted"
	}}
