docs/source/api/v5/regions_id.rst, before:

..
..
.. Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.. you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.. You may obtain a copy of the License at
..
..     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
..
.. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.. distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.. WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.. limitations under the License.
..

.. _to-api-regions-id:

******************
``regions/{{ID}}``
******************

``PUT``
=======
Updates a :term:`Region`.

:Auth. Required: Yes
:Role(s) Required: "admin" or "operator"
:Permissions Required: REGION:UPDATE, REGION:READ
:Response Type: Object

Request Structure
-----------------
.. table:: Request Path Parameters

	+------+---------------------------------------------------------+
	| Name |                Description                              |
	+======+=========================================================+
	|  ID  | The integral, unique identifier of the region to update |
	+------+---------------------------------------------------------+

:division:     The new integral, unique identifier of the division which shall contain the region
:name:         The new name of the region

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Request Example

	PUT /api/5.0/regions/5 HTTP/1.1
	Host: trafficops.infra.ciab.test
	User-Agent: curl/7.47.0
	Accept: */*
	Cookie: mojolicious=...
	Content-Length: 60
	Content-Type: application/json

	{
		"division": 3,
		"name": "Leeds"
	}

Response Structure
------------------
:divisionName: The name of the division which contains this region
:division:   The integral, unique identifier of the division which contains this region
:id:           An integral, unique identifier for this region
:lastUpdated:  The date and time at which this region was last updated in :rfc:`3339` Format
:name:         The region name

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Response Example

	HTTP/1.1 200 OK
	Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
	Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Origin, X-Requested-With, Content-Type, Accept, Set-Cookie, Cookie
	Access-Control-Allow-Methods: POST,GET,OPTIONS,PUT,DELETE
	Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *
	Content-Type: application/json
	Set-Cookie: mojolicious=...; Path=/; Expires=Mon, 18 Nov 2019 17:40:54 GMT; Max-Age=3600; HttpOnly
	Whole-Content-Sha512: 7SVj4q7dtSTNQEJlBApEwlad28WBVFnpdHaatoIpNfeLltfcpcdVTcOKB4JXQv7rlSD2p/TxBQC6EXpxwYTnKQ==
	X-Server-Name: traffic_ops_golang/
	Date: Thu, 06 Dec 2018 02:23:40 GMT
	Content-Length: 173

	{ "alerts": [
		{
			"text": "region was updated.",
			"level": "success"
		}
	],
	"response": {
		"divisionName": "England",
		"division": 3,
		"id": 5,
		"lastUpdated": "2023-05-26T15:59:33.7096-06:00",
		"name": "Leeds"
	}}

Commit message:

Documentation cleanup (#7798)
* Fix indentation and alignment errors

tabs used for alignment, spaces used as indentation, etc.

* trim trailing whitespace

* Add missing admonitions for timestamp format changes

* Fix formatting

Mostly this means the spacing and alignment in field lists, but also
some of the fields got out of lexical order as well, and I ensured
terminating newlines where they were missing

* Fix inaccurate/incorrect documentation

Mostly this relates to places where timestamps are incorrectly labeled
as either RFC or non-RFC, but also includes an unnecessary versionadded
directive, incorrect response types,

* Grammar fixes, add term links, add response field description

* Fix bad automatic merge changes

(cherry picked from commit e245f95dd6e5f7dd851dffe355c8745f40abfe76)

docs/source/api/v5/regions_id.rst, after:

..
..
.. Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.. you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.. You may obtain a copy of the License at
..
..     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
..
.. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.. distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.. WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.. limitations under the License.
..

.. _to-api-regions-id:

******************
``regions/{{ID}}``
******************

``PUT``
=======
Updates a :term:`Region`.

:Auth. Required: Yes
:Role(s) Required: "admin" or "operator"
:Permissions Required: REGION:UPDATE, REGION:READ
:Response Type: Object

Request Structure
-----------------
.. table:: Request Path Parameters

	+------+---------------------------------------------------------------+
	| Name | Description                                                   |
	+======+===============================================================+
	|  ID  | The integral, unique identifier of the :term:Region to update |
	+------+---------------------------------------------------------------+

:division: The new integral, unique identifier of the :term:Division which shall contain the :term:Region
:name:     The new name of the :term:Region

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Request Example

	PUT /api/5.0/regions/5 HTTP/1.1
	Host: trafficops.infra.ciab.test
	User-Agent: curl/7.47.0
	Accept: */*
	Cookie: mojolicious=...
	Content-Length: 60
	Content-Type: application/json

	{
		"division": 3,
		"name": "Leeds"
	}

Response Structure
------------------
:divisionName: The name of the :term:Division which contains this :term:Region
:division:     The integral, unique identifier of the :term:Division which contains this :term:Region
:id:           An integral, unique identifier for this :term:Region
:lastUpdated:  The date and time at which this :term:Region was last updated in :rfc:`3339` format

	.. versionchanged:: 5.0
		Prior to version 5.0 of the API, this field was in :ref:`non-rfc-datetime`.

:name: The :term:Region name

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Response Example

	HTTP/1.1 200 OK
	Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
	Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Origin, X-Requested-With, Content-Type, Accept, Set-Cookie, Cookie
	Access-Control-Allow-Methods: POST,GET,OPTIONS,PUT,DELETE
	Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *
	Content-Type: application/json
	Set-Cookie: mojolicious=...; Path=/; Expires=Mon, 18 Nov 2019 17:40:54 GMT; Max-Age=3600; HttpOnly
	Whole-Content-Sha512: 7SVj4q7dtSTNQEJlBApEwlad28WBVFnpdHaatoIpNfeLltfcpcdVTcOKB4JXQv7rlSD2p/TxBQC6EXpxwYTnKQ==
	X-Server-Name: traffic_ops_golang/
	Date: Thu, 06 Dec 2018 02:23:40 GMT
	Content-Length: 173

	{ "alerts": [
		{
			"text": "region was updated.",
			"level": "success"
		}
	],
	"response": {
		"divisionName": "England",
		"division": 3,
		"id": 5,
		"lastUpdated": "2023-05-26T15:59:33.7096-06:00",
		"name": "Leeds"
	}}
