docs/source/api/v5/server_capabilities.rst, before:

..
..
.. Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.. you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.. You may obtain a copy of the License at
..
..     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
..
.. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.. distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.. WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.. limitations under the License.
..

.. _to-api-server_capabilities:

***********************
``server_capabilities``
***********************

``GET``
=======
Retrieves :term:`Server Capabilities`.

:Auth. Required: Yes
:Roles Required: "read-only"
:Permissions Required: SERVER-CAPABILITY:READ
:Response Type:  Array

Request Structure
-----------------
.. table:: Request Query Parameters

	+------+----------+-----------------------------------------------------+
	| Name | Required | Description                                         |
	+======+==========+=====================================================+
	| name | no       | Return the :term:`Server Capability` with this name |
	+------+----------+-----------------------------------------------------+

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Request Structure

	GET /api/5.0/server_capabilities?name=RAM HTTP/1.1
	Host: trafficops.infra.ciab.test
	User-Agent: curl/7.47.0
	Accept: */*
	Cookie: mojolicious=...

Response Structure
------------------
:name:        The name of this :term:`Server Capability`
:description: The description of this :term:`Server Capability`
:lastUpdated: The date and time at which this :term:`Server Capability` was last updated, in :rfc:`3339` Format

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Response Example

	HTTP/1.1 200 OK
	Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
	Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Origin, X-Requested-With, Content-Type, Accept, Set-Cookie, Cookie
	Access-Control-Allow-Methods: POST,GET,OPTIONS,PUT,DELETE
	Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *
	Content-Type: application/json
	Set-Cookie: mojolicious=...; Path=/; Expires=Mon, 18 Nov 2019 17:40:54 GMT; Max-Age=3600; HttpOnly
	Whole-Content-Sha512: EH8jo8OrCu79Tz9xpgT3YRyKJ/p2NcTmbS3huwtqRByHz9H6qZLQjA59RIPaVSq3ZxsU6QhTaox5nBkQ9LPSAA==
	X-Server-Name: traffic_ops_golang/
	Date: Wed, 03 May 2023 07:03:45 GMT
	Content-Length: 68

	{
		"response": [
			{
				"name": "RAM",
				"description": "ram server capability",
				"lastUpdated": "2023-05-03T12:24:40.409579+05:30"
			}
		]
	}

``POST``
========
Create a new :term:`Server Capability`.

:Auth. Required: Yes
:Roles Required: "admin" or "operations"
:Permissions Required: SERVER-CAPABILITY:CREATE, SERVER-CAPABILITY:READ
:Response Type:  Object

Request Structure
-----------------
:name: The name of the :term:`Server Capability`
:description: The description of this :term:`Server Capability`

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Request Example

	POST /api/5.0/server_capabilities HTTP/1.1
	Host: trafficops.infra.ciab.test
	User-Agent: curl/7.47.0
	Accept: */*
	Cookie: mojolicious=...
	Content-Length: 15
	Content-Type: application/json

	{
		"name": "RAM",
		"description": "ram server capability",
	}

Response Structure
------------------
:name:        The name of this :term:`Server Capability`
:description: The description of this :term:`Server Capability`
:lastUpdated: The date and time at which this :term:`Server Capability` was last updated, in :rfc:`3339` Format

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Response Example

	HTTP/1.1 200 OK
	Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
	Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Origin, X-Requested-With, Content-Type, Accept, Set-Cookie, Cookie
	Access-Control-Allow-Methods: POST,GET,OPTIONS,PUT,DELETE
	Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *
	Content-Type: application/json
	Set-Cookie: mojolicious=...; Path=/; Expires=Mon, 18 Nov 2019 17:40:54 GMT; Max-Age=3600; HttpOnly
	Whole-Content-Sha512: ysdopC//JQI79BRUa61s6M2HzHxYHpo5RdcuauOoqCYxiVOoUhNZfOVydVkv8zDN2qA374XKnym4kWj3VzQIXg==
	X-Server-Name: traffic_ops_golang/
	Date: Wed, 03 May 2023 07:02:02 GMT
	Content-Length: 137

	{
		"alerts": [
			{
				"text": "server capability was created.",
				"level": "success"
			}
		],
		"response": {
			"name": "RAM",
			"description": "ram server capability",
			"lastUpdated": "2023-05-03T12:24:40.409579+05:30"
		}
	}

``PUT``
========
Update an existing :term:`Server Capability`.

:Auth. Required: Yes
:Roles Required: "admin" or "operations"
:Permissions Required: SERVER-CAPABILITY:UPDATE, SERVER-CAPABILITY:READ
:Response Type:  Object

Request Structure
-----------------
:name: The name of the :term:`Server Capability`
:description: The description of this :term:`Server Capability`

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Request Example

	PUT /api/5.0/server_capabilities?name=RAM HTTP/1.1
	Host: trafficops.infra.ciab.test
	User-Agent: curl/7.47.0
	Accept: */*
	Cookie: mojolicious=...
	Content-Length: 15
	Content-Type: application/json

	{
		"name": "HDD",
		"description": "HDD server capability"
	}

Response Structure
------------------
:name:        The name of this :term:`Server Capability`
:description: The description of this :term:`Server Capability`
:lastUpdated: The date and time at which this :term:`Server Capability` was last updated, in :rfc:`3339` Format

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Response Example

	HTTP/1.1 200 OK
	Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
	Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Origin, X-Requested-With, Content-Type, Accept, Set-Cookie, Cookie
	Access-Control-Allow-Methods: POST,GET,OPTIONS,PUT,DELETE
	Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *
	Content-Type: application/json
	Set-Cookie: mojolicious=...; Path=/; Expires=Mon, 18 Nov 2019 17:40:54 GMT; Max-Age=3600; HttpOnly
	Whole-Content-Sha512: ysdopC//JQI79BRUa61s6M2HzHxYHpo5RdcuauOoqCYxiVOoUhNZfOVydVkv8zDN2qA374XKnym4kWj3VzQIXg==
	X-Server-Name: traffic_ops_golang/
	Date: Wed, 03 May 2023 07:02:02 GMT
	Content-Length: 137

	{
		"alerts": [
			{
				"text": "server capability was updated.",
				"level": "success"
			}
		],
		"response": {
			"name": "HDD",
			"description": "HDD server capability",
			"lastUpdated": "2023-05-03T12:24:40.409579+05:30"
		}
	}

``DELETE``
==========
Deletes a specific :term:`Server Capability`.

:Auth. Required: Yes
:Roles Required: "admin" or "operations"
:Permissions Required: SERVER-CAPABILITY:DELETE, SERVER-CAPABILITY:READ
:Response Type:  ``undefined``


Request Structure
-----------------
.. table:: Request Query Parameters

	+------+----------+---------------------------------------------------------+
	| Name | Required | Description                                             |
	+======+==========+=========================================================+
	| name | yes      | The name of the :term:`Server Capability` to be deleted |
	+------+----------+---------------------------------------------------------+

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Request Example

	DELETE /api/5.0/server_capabilities?name=RAM HTTP/1.1
	Host: trafficops.infra.ciab.test
	User-Agent: curl/7.47.0
	Accept: */*
	Cookie: mojolicious=...

Response Structure
------------------
.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Response Example

	HTTP/1.1 200 OK
	Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
	Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Origin, X-Requested-With, Content-Type, Accept, Set-Cookie, Cookie
	Access-Control-Allow-Methods: POST,GET,OPTIONS,PUT,DELETE
	Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *
	Content-Type: application/json
	Set-Cookie: mojolicious=...; Path=/; Expires=Mon, 18 Nov 2019 17:40:54 GMT; Max-Age=3600; HttpOnly
	Whole-Content-Sha512: 8zCAATbCzcqiqigGVBy7WF1duDuXu1Wg2DBe9yfqTw/c+yhE2eUk73hFTA/Oqt0kocaN7+1GkbFdPkQPvbnRaA==
	X-Server-Name: traffic_ops_golang/
	Date: Wed, 03 May 2023 07:02:02 GMT
	Content-Length: 72

	{
		"alerts": [
			{
				"text": "server capability was deleted.",
				"level": "success"
			}
		]
	}

Commit message:

Documentation cleanup (#7798)
* Fix indentation and alignment errors

tabs used for alignment, spaces used as indentation, etc.

* trim trailing whitespace

* Add missing admonitions for timestamp format changes

* Fix formatting

Mostly this means the spacing and alignment in field lists, but also
some of the fields got out of lexical order as well, and I ensured
terminating newlines where they were missing

* Fix inaccurate/incorrect documentation

Mostly this relates to places where timestamps are incorrectly labeled
as either RFC or non-RFC, but also includes an unnecessary versionadded
directive, incorrect response types,

* Grammar fixes, add term links, add response field description

* Fix bad automatic merge changes

(cherry picked from commit e245f95dd6e5f7dd851dffe355c8745f40abfe76)

docs/source/api/v5/server_capabilities.rst, after:

..
..
.. Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.. you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.. You may obtain a copy of the License at
..
..     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
..
.. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.. distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.. WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.. limitations under the License.
..

.. _to-api-server_capabilities:

***********************
``server_capabilities``
***********************

``GET``
=======
Retrieves :term:`Server Capabilities`.

:Auth. Required: Yes
:Roles Required: "read-only"
:Permissions Required: SERVER-CAPABILITY:READ
:Response Type:  Array

Request Structure
-----------------
.. table:: Request Query Parameters

	+------+----------+-----------------------------------------------------+
	| Name | Required | Description                                         |
	+======+==========+=====================================================+
	| name | no       | Return the :term:`Server Capability` with this name |
	+------+----------+-----------------------------------------------------+

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Request Structure

	GET /api/5.0/server_capabilities?name=RAM HTTP/1.1
	Host: trafficops.infra.ciab.test
	User-Agent: curl/7.47.0
	Accept: */*
	Cookie: mojolicious=...

Response Structure
------------------
:name:        The name of this :term:`Server Capability`
:description: The description of this :term:`Server Capability`
:lastUpdated: The date and time at which this :term:`Server Capability` was last updated, in :rfc:`3339` format

	.. versionchanged:: 5.0
		Prior to version 5.0 of the API, this field was in :ref:`non-rfc-datetime`.

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Response Example

	HTTP/1.1 200 OK
	Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
	Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Origin, X-Requested-With, Content-Type, Accept, Set-Cookie, Cookie
	Access-Control-Allow-Methods: POST,GET,OPTIONS,PUT,DELETE
	Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *
	Content-Type: application/json
	Set-Cookie: mojolicious=...; Path=/; Expires=Mon, 18 Nov 2019 17:40:54 GMT; Max-Age=3600; HttpOnly
	Whole-Content-Sha512: EH8jo8OrCu79Tz9xpgT3YRyKJ/p2NcTmbS3huwtqRByHz9H6qZLQjA59RIPaVSq3ZxsU6QhTaox5nBkQ9LPSAA==
	X-Server-Name: traffic_ops_golang/
	Date: Wed, 03 May 2023 07:03:45 GMT
	Content-Length: 68

	{
		"response": [
			{
				"name": "RAM",
				"description": "ram server capability",
				"lastUpdated": "2023-05-03T12:24:40.409579+05:30"
			}
		]
	}

``POST``
========
Create a new :term:`Server Capability`.

:Auth. Required: Yes
:Roles Required: "admin" or "operations"
:Permissions Required: SERVER-CAPABILITY:CREATE, SERVER-CAPABILITY:READ
:Response Type:  Object

Request Structure
-----------------
:name: The name of the :term:`Server Capability`
:description: The description of this :term:`Server Capability`

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Request Example

	POST /api/5.0/server_capabilities HTTP/1.1
	Host: trafficops.infra.ciab.test
	User-Agent: curl/7.47.0
	Accept: */*
	Cookie: mojolicious=...
	Content-Length: 15
	Content-Type: application/json

	{
		"name": "RAM",
		"description": "ram server capability",
	}

Response Structure
------------------
:name:        The name of this :term:`Server Capability`
:description: The description of this :term:`Server Capability`
:lastUpdated: The date and time at which this :term:`Server Capability` was last updated, in :rfc:`3339` format

	.. versionchanged:: 5.0
		Prior to version 5.0 of the API, this field was in :ref:`non-rfc-datetime`.

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Response Example

	HTTP/1.1 200 OK
	Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
	Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Origin, X-Requested-With, Content-Type, Accept, Set-Cookie, Cookie
	Access-Control-Allow-Methods: POST,GET,OPTIONS,PUT,DELETE
	Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *
	Content-Type: application/json
	Set-Cookie: mojolicious=...; Path=/; Expires=Mon, 18 Nov 2019 17:40:54 GMT; Max-Age=3600; HttpOnly
	Whole-Content-Sha512: ysdopC//JQI79BRUa61s6M2HzHxYHpo5RdcuauOoqCYxiVOoUhNZfOVydVkv8zDN2qA374XKnym4kWj3VzQIXg==
	X-Server-Name: traffic_ops_golang/
	Date: Wed, 03 May 2023 07:02:02 GMT
	Content-Length: 137

	{
		"alerts": [
			{
				"text": "server capability was created.",
				"level": "success"
			}
		],
		"response": {
			"name": "RAM",
			"description": "ram server capability",
			"lastUpdated": "2023-05-03T12:24:40.409579+05:30"
		}
	}

``PUT``
========
Update an existing :term:`Server Capability`.

:Auth. Required: Yes
:Roles Required: "admin" or "operations"
:Permissions Required: SERVER-CAPABILITY:UPDATE, SERVER-CAPABILITY:READ
:Response Type:  Object

Request Structure
-----------------
:name: The name of the :term:`Server Capability`
:description: The description of this :term:`Server Capability`

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Request Example

	PUT /api/5.0/server_capabilities?name=RAM HTTP/1.1
	Host: trafficops.infra.ciab.test
	User-Agent: curl/7.47.0
	Accept: */*
	Cookie: mojolicious=...
	Content-Length: 15
	Content-Type: application/json

	{
		"name": "HDD",
		"description": "HDD server capability"
	}

Response Structure
------------------
:name:        The name of this :term:`Server Capability`
:description: The description of this :term:`Server Capability`
:lastUpdated: The date and time at which this :term:`Server Capability` was last updated, in :rfc:`3339` format

	.. versionchanged:: 5.0
		Prior to version 5.0 of the API, this field was in :ref:`non-rfc-datetime`.

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Response Example

	HTTP/1.1 200 OK
	Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
	Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Origin, X-Requested-With, Content-Type, Accept, Set-Cookie, Cookie
	Access-Control-Allow-Methods: POST,GET,OPTIONS,PUT,DELETE
	Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *
	Content-Type: application/json
	Set-Cookie: mojolicious=...; Path=/; Expires=Mon, 18 Nov 2019 17:40:54 GMT; Max-Age=3600; HttpOnly
	Whole-Content-Sha512: ysdopC//JQI79BRUa61s6M2HzHxYHpo5RdcuauOoqCYxiVOoUhNZfOVydVkv8zDN2qA374XKnym4kWj3VzQIXg==
	X-Server-Name: traffic_ops_golang/
	Date: Wed, 03 May 2023 07:02:02 GMT
	Content-Length: 137

	{
		"alerts": [
			{
				"text": "server capability was updated.",
				"level": "success"
			}
		],
		"response": {
			"name": "HDD",
			"description": "HDD server capability",
			"lastUpdated": "2023-05-03T12:24:40.409579+05:30"
		}
	}

``DELETE``
==========
Deletes a specific :term:`Server Capability`.

:Auth. Required: Yes
:Roles Required: "admin" or "operations"
:Permissions Required: SERVER-CAPABILITY:DELETE, SERVER-CAPABILITY:READ
:Response Type:  ``undefined``


Request Structure
-----------------
.. table:: Request Query Parameters

	+------+----------+---------------------------------------------------------+
	| Name | Required | Description                                             |
	+======+==========+=========================================================+
	| name | yes      | The name of the :term:`Server Capability` to be deleted |
	+------+----------+---------------------------------------------------------+

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Request Example

	DELETE /api/5.0/server_capabilities?name=RAM HTTP/1.1
	Host: trafficops.infra.ciab.test
	User-Agent: curl/7.47.0
	Accept: */*
	Cookie: mojolicious=...

Response Structure
------------------
.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Response Example

	HTTP/1.1 200 OK
	Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
	Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Origin, X-Requested-With, Content-Type, Accept, Set-Cookie, Cookie
	Access-Control-Allow-Methods: POST,GET,OPTIONS,PUT,DELETE
	Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *
	Content-Type: application/json
	Set-Cookie: mojolicious=...; Path=/; Expires=Mon, 18 Nov 2019 17:40:54 GMT; Max-Age=3600; HttpOnly
	Whole-Content-Sha512: 8zCAATbCzcqiqigGVBy7WF1duDuXu1Wg2DBe9yfqTw/c+yhE2eUk73hFTA/Oqt0kocaN7+1GkbFdPkQPvbnRaA==
	X-Server-Name: traffic_ops_golang/
	Date: Wed, 03 May 2023 07:02:02 GMT
	Content-Length: 72

	{
		"alerts": [
			{
				"text": "server capability was deleted.",
				"level": "success"
			}
		]
	}
