docs/source/api/v5/types_id.rst, before:

..
..
.. Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.. you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.. You may obtain a copy of the License at
..
..     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
..
.. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.. distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.. WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.. limitations under the License.
..

.. _to-api-types-id:

****************
``types/{{ID}}``
****************

``PUT``
=======
Updates a type

:Auth. Required: Yes
:Roles Required: "admin" or "operations"
:Permissions Required: TYPE:UPDATE, TYPE:READ
:Response Type:  Object

Request Structure
-----------------
.. table:: Request Path Parameters

	+------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
	| Name | Description                                               |
	+======+===========================================================+
	|  ID  | The integral, unique identifier of the type being updated |
	+------+-----------------------------------------------------------+

:description: A short description of this type
:name:        The name of this type
:useInTable:  The name of the Traffic Ops database table that contains objects which are grouped, identified, or described by this type.

.. note:: Only types with useInTable set to 'server' are allowed to be updated.

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Request Structure

	PUT /api/5.0/type/3004 HTTP/1.1
	Host: trafficops.infra.ciab.test
	User-Agent: curl/7.47.0
	Accept: */*
	Cookie: mojolicious=...
	Content-Length: 68
	Content-Type: application/json

	{
		"name": "Example01",
		"description": "Example2",
		"useInTable": "server"
	}

Response Structure
------------------
:description: A short description of this type
:id:          An integral, unique identifier for this type
:lastUpdated: The date and time at which this type was last updated, in :ref:`non-rfc-datetime`
:name:        The name of this type
:useInTable:  The name of the Traffic Ops database table that contains objects which are grouped, identified, or described by this type

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Response Example

	HTTP/1.1 200 OK
	Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
	Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Origin, X-Requested-With, Content-Type, Accept, Set-Cookie, Cookie
	Access-Control-Allow-Methods: POST,GET,OPTIONS,PUT,DELETE
	Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *
	Content-Type: application/json
	Set-Cookie: mojolicious=...; Path=/; Expires=Mon, 18 Nov 2019 17:40:54 GMT; Max-Age=3600; HttpOnly
	Whole-Content-Sha512: EH8jo8OrCu79Tz9xpgT3YRyKJ/p2NcTmbS3huwtqRByHz9H6qZLQjA59RIPaVSq3ZxsU6QhTaox5nBkQ9LPSAA==
	X-Server-Name: traffic_ops_golang/
	Date: Wed, 26 Feb 2020 18:58:41 GMT
	Content-Length: 172

	{
		"alerts": [
		{
			"text": "type was updated.",
			"level": "success"
		}],
		"response": [
		{
			"id": 3004,
			"lastUpdated": "2020-02-26T10:59:07.962423+05:30",
			"name": "Example02",
			"description": "Example"
			"useInTable": "server"
		}]
	}

``DELETE``
==========
Deletes a type

:Auth. Required: Yes
:Roles Required: "admin" or "operations"
:Permissions Required: TYPE:DELETE, TYPE:READ
:Response Type: Object


Request Structure
-----------------
.. table:: Request Path Parameters

	+------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
	| Name | Description                                               |
	+======+===========================================================+
	|  ID  | The integral, unique identifier of the type being deleted |
	+------+-----------------------------------------------------------+

.. note:: Only types with useInTable set to "server" are allowed to be deleted.

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Request Structure

	DELETE /api/5.0/type/3004 HTTP/1.1
	Host: trafficops.infra.ciab.test
	User-Agent: curl/7.47.0
	Accept: */*
	Cookie: mojolicious=...
	Content-Length: 0

Response Structure
------------------
.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Response Example

	HTTP/1.1 200 OK
	Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
	Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Origin, X-Requested-With, Content-Type, Accept, Set-Cookie, Cookie
	Access-Control-Allow-Methods: POST,GET,OPTIONS,PUT,DELETE
	Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *
	Content-Type: application/json
	Set-Cookie: mojolicious=...; Path=/; Expires=Mon, 18 Nov 2019 17:40:54 GMT; Max-Age=3600; HttpOnly
	Whole-Content-Sha512: EH8jo8OrCu79Tz9xpgT3YRyKJ/p2NcTmbS3huwtqRByHz9H6qZLQjA59RIPaVSq3ZxsU6QhTaox5nBkQ9LPSAA==
	X-Server-Name: traffic_ops_golang/
	Date: Wed, 26 Feb 2020 18:58:41 GMT
	Content-Length: 84

	{
		"alerts": [
		{
			"text": "type was deleted.",
			"level": "success"
		}],
	}

Commit message:

Documentation cleanup (#7798)
* Fix indentation and alignment errors

tabs used for alignment, spaces used as indentation, etc.

* trim trailing whitespace

* Add missing admonitions for timestamp format changes

* Fix formatting

Mostly this means the spacing and alignment in field lists, but also
some of the fields got out of lexical order as well, and I ensured
terminating newlines where they were missing

* Fix inaccurate/incorrect documentation

Mostly this relates to places where timestamps are incorrectly labeled
as either RFC or non-RFC, but also includes an unnecessary versionadded
directive, incorrect response types,

* Grammar fixes, add term links, add response field description

* Fix bad automatic merge changes

docs/source/api/v5/types_id.rst, after:

..
..
.. Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.. you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.. You may obtain a copy of the License at
..
..     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
..
.. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.. distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.. WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.. limitations under the License.
..

.. _to-api-types-id:

****************
``types/{{ID}}``
****************

``PUT``
=======
Updates a type

:Auth. Required: Yes
:Roles Required: "admin" or "operations"
:Permissions Required: TYPE:UPDATE, TYPE:READ
:Response Type:  Object

Request Structure
-----------------
.. table:: Request Path Parameters

	+------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
	| Name | Description                                               |
	+======+===========================================================+
	|  ID  | The integral, unique identifier of the type being updated |
	+------+-----------------------------------------------------------+

:description: A short description of this type
:name:        The name of this type
:useInTable:  The name of the Traffic Ops database table that contains objects which are grouped, identified, or described by this type.

.. note:: Only types with useInTable set to 'server' are allowed to be updated.

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Request Structure

	PUT /api/5.0/type/3004 HTTP/1.1
	Host: trafficops.infra.ciab.test
	User-Agent: curl/7.47.0
	Accept: */*
	Cookie: mojolicious=...
	Content-Length: 68
	Content-Type: application/json

	{
		"name": "Example01",
		"description": "Example2",
		"useInTable": "server"
	}

Response Structure
------------------
:description: A short description of this type
:id:          An integral, unique identifier for this type
:lastUpdated: The date and time at which this type was last updated, in :RFC:`3339` format

	.. versionchanged:: 5.0
		Prior to version 5.0 of the API, this field was in :ref:`non-rfc-datetime`.

:name:       The name of this type
:useInTable: The name of the Traffic Ops database table that contains objects which are grouped, identified, or described by this type

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Response Example

	HTTP/1.1 200 OK
	Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
	Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Origin, X-Requested-With, Content-Type, Accept, Set-Cookie, Cookie
	Access-Control-Allow-Methods: POST,GET,OPTIONS,PUT,DELETE
	Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *
	Content-Type: application/json
	Set-Cookie: mojolicious=...; Path=/; Expires=Mon, 18 Nov 2019 17:40:54 GMT; Max-Age=3600; HttpOnly
	Whole-Content-Sha512: EH8jo8OrCu79Tz9xpgT3YRyKJ/p2NcTmbS3huwtqRByHz9H6qZLQjA59RIPaVSq3ZxsU6QhTaox5nBkQ9LPSAA==
	X-Server-Name: traffic_ops_golang/
	Date: Wed, 26 Feb 2020 18:58:41 GMT
	Content-Length: 172

	{
		"alerts": [
		{
			"text": "type was updated.",
			"level": "success"
		}],
		"response": [
		{
			"id": 3004,
			"lastUpdated": "2020-02-26T10:59:07.962423+05:30",
			"name": "Example02",
			"description": "Example"
			"useInTable": "server"
		}]
	}

``DELETE``
==========
Deletes a type

:Auth. Required: Yes
:Roles Required: "admin" or "operations"
:Permissions Required: TYPE:DELETE, TYPE:READ
:Response Type: Object


Request Structure
-----------------
.. table:: Request Path Parameters

	+------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
	| Name | Description                                               |
	+======+===========================================================+
	|  ID  | The integral, unique identifier of the type being deleted |
	+------+-----------------------------------------------------------+

.. note:: Only types with useInTable set to "server" are allowed to be deleted.

.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Request Structure

	DELETE /api/5.0/type/3004 HTTP/1.1
	Host: trafficops.infra.ciab.test
	User-Agent: curl/7.47.0
	Accept: */*
	Cookie: mojolicious=...
	Content-Length: 0

Response Structure
------------------
.. code-block:: http
	:caption: Response Example

	HTTP/1.1 200 OK
	Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
	Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Origin, X-Requested-With, Content-Type, Accept, Set-Cookie, Cookie
	Access-Control-Allow-Methods: POST,GET,OPTIONS,PUT,DELETE
	Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *
	Content-Type: application/json
	Set-Cookie: mojolicious=...; Path=/; Expires=Mon, 18 Nov 2019 17:40:54 GMT; Max-Age=3600; HttpOnly
	Whole-Content-Sha512: EH8jo8OrCu79Tz9xpgT3YRyKJ/p2NcTmbS3huwtqRByHz9H6qZLQjA59RIPaVSq3ZxsU6QhTaox5nBkQ9LPSAA==
	X-Server-Name: traffic_ops_golang/
	Date: Wed, 26 Feb 2020 18:58:41 GMT
	Content-Length: 84

	{
		"alerts": [
		{
			"text": "type was deleted.",
			"level": "success"
		}],
	}
